We're live live wait, we're not live on YouTube this time again. Are we are you sure how'd that happen anyway? Yeah
So two weeks before
We should we're live on YouTube. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I monitor it too. You can't get me with that
Yeah, a couple weeks before the the Google stream remember we had that same issue with the test stream
And so we added it to v mix as a secondary destination, but we didn't turn it off. We didn't turn it off. Oh sick
Yeah, so now I turned it off cool
I still think we should disable the
Go live immediately on YouTube
Um, but I still have to test it
Yeah, I mean, I don't remember why
But I we had there was a reason. Yeah, there was a reason we did it this way. I've been trying to
Think on it a little bit. I don't remember the reason was but there was one we did it a long time ago
We made that change and I
It was there was a very good reason. Yeah
Like it was disastrous the other way
I can't remember why though
Me neither because like the stream doesn't end when the encoding feed stops and you have to remember to manually stop it
Like I don't know something wacky. There's stuff. There's stuff
Um, I it's not stopping. I put the phone very far away. Is it me for a change?
Maybe maybe oh, it's me today. You know what it probably is
My phone does it too, but I'm not popular
So I'm just not getting messages all the time
I suspect you get a lot of messages during the show as well. I meant to ask is it texts?
Are you guys getting texts? Or is it just like
instant messages on other apps
I haven't gotten a text today probably I
Not a very popular person going
Yeah, like is that coming through?
I find it very annoying personally. What if I just like?
Luke's phone about to get yote
We good
Is it actively getting worse? We got to put that thing in the rf chamber. I want to know what the hell's going on with that
We really do need to do that
I have never heard one that bad
Like if you have a phone like within three inches of room a microphone normally you have problems, but this is this is insane
Because normally normally I get it under the desk and I remove line of sight from like all of this stuff
So there's wooden table in the way and everything and then it's fine
But now I had to put it like across the room
sick
Hopefully no one needs to contact you
Okay, we're gonna do this thing. Yeah, that is a bit of a concern, but we'll figure it out. Uh, yeah
Um
Okay, hold on
Okay
Uh
Oh
I do want to uh, talk about the overwatch two thing. Have you paid attention to that all this week? It's not docked, but
Are you interested in it at all? Um
I'm mad so maybe that counts. Yeah, maybe huck that up as like, uh, sure a potential
I
Feel like we won't need it today, but
I'll throw it out there just in case I'm quite interested in google paying for deceptive advertising
Paying radio hosts to a hypophone. They hadn't used
I hadn't actually seen this. Um
I could I could talk a fair bit about influencers like that. I know don't use things. Um
Hyping them
I
Actually, I can think of one time that I did it too
I read the stupid raid shadow legends copy and I was just like I was honestly just memeing
I was like, yeah, my favorite heroes, whatever like what
And I was and some people were not like
Yeah, I know no one actually plays this game and like felt like upset about it. Yeah fair enough
My favorite here is gorgonotron. You should just like made something up
Okay, do you want to throw that one up as well just in case? Um
So what oh people not actually using devices that they're reporting on? Uh, yeah, or that they are paid to endorse got it
Something is moving the dock around a lot
You
Okay
Oh
Wow, there's apparently like a nerd fight going on over like the asus motherboard thing
Hard one box managed to get someone to delete their twitter account
Okay, I love it
Drama
Okay
Ultra drama. All right, you know what let's just do this thing
Do you want to throw the do you want to throw nerd drama in as one more alternative thing that we can just go discover in real time during the show
Sure. All right
Oh, where's my float plane chat? Oh, here we go. Well, there's your problem
You know, I think
Based on how my tummy's going there may be something decomposing in my insides
I think that's relatively normal. That's fair
Uh, yeah, stick locks should work with the inio next
Um
Okay. Oh, yeah. Oh shoot. We don't have the stupid asus router issue in here, do we?
crap
Okay, that's a problem
When it rains it pours for asus. Yeah, no, I mean it's a problem that we don't have it in here
Oh, wow, it's just like not even in the potential topics. Uh, okay
One second
I saw the headlines about this but I haven't actually read anything about it
Bosch desus update kicks routers offline worldwide company apologizes a faulty ai protection definition update is the suspected culprit
Oh, okay
I have a link. Where's our
Where's our potential? Here we go bottom of the main area. I mean, it's like a reddit link. So whatever but I have a tom's link
I'll throw it in there as well. Sure
Why would you take tom's link?
That's tom's link luke stolen
Or should I say privateered got him
Okay, yeah, uh, let's punch it. Oh wait. I'm the one who does that anyway, aren't I okay? I'm doing it. I'm resuming the selected
You guys ready? Yes
You
What is up everyone and welcome to the wind show
We have a fantastic show lined up for you today a lot of great topics
I'm going to do my best to pick the two that luke was planning on
Uh, schools are struggling with ai as the academic year ends. Oh crap failure so far. Uh,
and
uh
A startup is offering free televisions as long as you consent to being spied on
You got 50 percent. Uh, this guy uh stepped down as CEO
That's a topic
I gotta farm you for content chief vision officer would agree that you should be farmed for content. Okay, that's I I
I believe that's how that would go
Ah
Man, yep
um
Imager content
The show is brought to you today by zoho one brilliant and kudos
Uh, why don't we jump into our first big topic?
You know what? I haven't actually done a q&a with the float plane peeps yet
But I guess they can ask me some questions now. I'll I'll do a stream a little bit later with you guys
I did say I would do that in the video, but in summary if you somehow
managed to miss the video that we uploaded yesterday, which I think is
Probably not a thing because it has four million views or something like that already. Uh, yes, it's true
I will be stepping down as ceo of linus media group and all its affiliated companies
This isn't really a decision that happened overnight. I think for some people they probably feel like it did
I saw a lot of people asking like
It was it the
The backpack controversy that precipitated. I'm sitting here going no no
No, I actually did not lose any sleep over the backpack controversy
Um, or actually really any of the major controversies this week
I've definitely been like annoyed and frustrated
But no, I haven't lost any sleep over them because the thing is I think a lot of people probably don't realize this
but I am inside my own head
And so I know if a major community concern is actually going to be a problem in the long term and if it's not then I just
Get to do what I'm gonna do and you guys will see and everything will be fine
So so I didn't I didn't lose a ton of sleep even if some people did
But I would say that it's more just a cumulative effect
I mean, I think luke could probably
Could probably speak to this more than me, but I am not a detail oriented person
And you know what's funny is that I can be very thorough in certain ways
Like I can come in even for something that I don't work with day to day and I can go
Hey, have you considered a b and x and y ways that we could potentially improve the workflow here or
I you know from time to time again, like I'm not saying I'm some kind of genius
I think I'm above average, but definitely not genius
But I can come in and suggest something even in fields where I have like no experience
Whether it's and I think the the solution we found for one of our upcoming screwdriver products was actually suggested by me
And it was actually it was one of my favorite moments ever because I was like hey kyle
Did we think of this and he's like
No, actually
And I'm like would that work he's like
Ah
Yeah, I think so
Yes
Got him
Um, I can't I can't remember I can't remember a specific one
But I remember suggesting something like development related to you at some point
And I was like probably if this is dumb feel free to tell me because I know I I couldn't write a line of code to save my life
um, and you're like
No, a lot of code is just math and logic and that's actually a really logical way to solve the problem
And like that might actually work. I don't remember if we ended up implementing it
But it was like it was like not not stupid, but here's my problem
My follow-up on any of that is basically zero
um, my ability to to document a new process that I come up with whether it's myself or working collaboratively with someone is
Basically zero. I mean, I remember James giving me a really hard time because he's sitting here going
I'm trying to manage this writing department. I'm trying to create documents and processes and like training procedures
and
what I'm finding is that
basically other than you just
Talking to people and brain dumping on them anytime you see a problem. We don't have any
And I'm like, yeah
um pretty much
I mean it worked for you, right? He's like, oh my that's not the point
Because we have so many more people now, right and it's my my biggest pain point is is related to that
But essentially it's the the transitioning from small to medium business like disseminating information now is kind of hard
Um, I even ran into an issue where like I need to look into if I can mute
reaction notifications on teams
Because I like posted that float plane updated and people should use it in a different way and then my teams was just
Constantly going off for the rest of the day. I was like, well, this is actually really annoying
Like it's it's actually distracting at this point. Like I don't know
I had something today where I we had an issue with a shoot this morning where
Actually, no, I should back up. We had an issue with a shoot late yesterday where I arrived on set
And it was set up for a static a cam with an operated b cam on sticks or on a tripod
And I was looking at it going
Hey, so I know that we recently reminded the writers and the
Production team that they're supposed to have a b-roll meeting before the b-roll is shot for a video
But it occurs to me that I don't think we ever formally said you can stop having an a-roll meeting
and clearly that
Well, did that happen here?
and
The answer was no and I'm like
So have you guys so you guys haven't looked at the script together yet?
And it was mostly pretty pretty new faces
Relatively speaking so it's not like I'm mad at anyone or anything like that
But it was pretty obvious based on the kind of video that it was
That a static camera wasn't going to work at all
There were little things that I need to hold up and show to the camera and then and then practical demonstrations
That I needed to do that involved walking from one side of a table to another and plugging things ready for that stuff
Yeah, and and and the camera operator again relatively new not going to name any names. It doesn't matter
That's not the point the camera operators like yeah, well, I'm just going to follow you and I'm like
Okay, but you got a you got to think end to end here, right?
What if I move in a way that's unexpected now we have a delay while you track me
We have a second delay while you focus
Heaven forbid you need to alter your zoom or something like that or we're going to be stacking delay upon delay upon delay
I'm going to have moved on by the time you've actually got me centered in the frame
And he's like, oh, yeah
I'm like, so that's a challenge that we've got to deal with here and what I feel like
That's kind of how I phrased it is that uh, you guys haven't really
synced up on how this is supposed to be shot because this is more than words on a page, right? This is this is
a
Bible for creating this video like this script
So what I want you guys to do is spend the rest of the day
Because this was pretty close to the end of the day
We would have barely been able to get it shot
So it's not like they were going to do this and then we were going to finish shooting it
So I was like, okay spend the rest of the day. I'll go do something else make myself busy. That's not hard
Go through it and then we'll pick this up again tomorrow morning
I
arrived tomorrow morning now the plan is
I believe still to shoot on sticks. No, no the plan is I don't remember what the plan is but yeah, no the plan
I don't remember the plan the plan was bad
in in a nutshell
Because the we had created some props to do the demos that I was going to do from one side of the other
But the props were not applicable and then I was supposed to do something where I'm like
I'm holding something up and the cables that or the cable that connected it
It was so long
It was like a four foot long cable that in order for me to show how it was connected
I would have had to have my arms like this and the framing would have been so wide
You wouldn't have been able to see the things in my hands and I was like
You know what I think just happened here is you guys have never done this before and I basically just assumed
That you would just know
Tell you what
Let's rewind
I'm going to do this with you. I will do the read through the script and show you guys
What's in my head and why so it needs to start on a close-up and the reason it needs to start on a close-up
Is because the title and thumbnail is this and we need to see this product right away
It needs to go wide and that has to be done with a zoom
Not with a post production punch in because the previous shot needs to be quite detailed
Then I'm going to talk for a little bit here
And this is too long. This is too long for me to be standing and presenting
So when we get to this point, we need to do some kind of transition so that I'm in kind of
Talking to you and and showing you something rather than presenting to you and that's really important
You've got to remember the way that people talk to each other the camera is the eyes
Of another participant and what is essentially just a one-sided conversation if you think of it that way
Like that's that's what that's the point. That's the whole point of youtube is that
They're not necessarily talking to the other characters on camera. They can be but
It's for it's for you. It's personal, right?
And so if we're not engaging in that way if you're not
Coming in close and tilting the camera down a little bit as I show you something
It's going to feel unnatural to the viewer even though they have no idea why
and so I I I did this little workshop and
The point which I'm finally coming around to one story is that I did this workshop for like four people
Um, and I realized after I was done that there's at least another four probably more like another 14
That need to know that and now it's lost forever
Whoops
So how do we fix that?
Do do I just like start selfie camera recording myself giving this workshop?
Do we send it to everybody after sometimes? I mean, you know me and sometimes I don't even know
I'm about to for float plane. We have a knowledge
We have a thing called a knowledge base, but how do I get what just happened in it?
Yeah, so in this case you would have to record it
Yeah, and then you would put it in a knowledge base title it properly and then people could look it up whenever they want
I don't always know when I'm about to do a knowledge base article. That's my problem. Well, it's one of my problems
You'd have to redo it at that point pretty much
Unfortunately because once you did it once and you had that recognition that like this is information people should be able to look out
And you'd have to do it again
Yeah
Um, but then he doesn't have time
Yeah, only there was four people that you just gave a workshop to who could
Feel their knowledge and yeah, the thing is I especially don't have time to redo the workshop
So I should do it once but the problem too is that the med is always changing
Like if I if I record something like that today, I mean some of it is some of it is usable forever
You have to plan for what the visual is going to be you have to actually
Not just look at the script and make sure you've got everything on the props list
You've got to think about
What is he supposed to hold up when he's reading this paragraph?
If somebody isn't standing right side out right out of frame ready to toss it or ready to hand it
Then we have to stop the shoot
Get it
Get someone in position and restart the shoot that is incredibly disruptive to our workflow
And we waste a ton of time with me arriving on set going
Hey, this is great. You brought this hdmi cable
But did you bring the adapter that we need to plug it into this ancient gpu that doesn't have hdmi?
No, okay. Well, I guess we'll go get that. Oh, no now we keep all our inventory over at the lab
But it's going to cost us like 20 minutes to go get this thing like we waste
So much time and so what I'm hoping is that if I can focus more on
This type of thing on helping people
think visually I guess
And and you know more thoroughly then maybe yeah, maybe maybe I will be able to be in more videos
I've been in like two short circuits in the last two and a half months or something like that. I love short circuit
Short circuit is so easy
It's like youtuber easy mode the story is the product in front of you. It's like how line of sect have started
Yeah, it's like I could because it was easy. I could do short circuit in my sleep
And I actually like I kind of enjoy it because I can just
Sit and kind of experience the product. I don't have to think about hosting it like when I was doing um
Uh, the the d brand nintendo switch tears of the kingdom edition or whatever
I'm just having fun. I don't care. There was an air obviously they were way worse than what short circuit is currently
But there was an era where we'd do like eight of those an hour
Oh
Man, they are gonna be good though. That's the other thing is I want
My role as chief vision officer to be really focused in the early days on getting the lab and the writing team
synergized because right now
The writing team is really great at creativity. I mean like okay
I'm not singling anyone out, but I'm gonna give a gold star to to adam from the writing team like
That guy writes intros sometimes that I just look at and I go like
Where did this come from?
Yeah, yeah, okay, like uh, he's the one who wrote the the cheerleader thing for um
For a chromebooks or whatever where we had like this he wrote this cheer for it and everybody has pom poms and everything
I'm I'm looking at this going like
I mean I love it, but really
Yeah
And and to his credit he's actually pretty darn good when it comes to understanding the analytical side of things too
He's actually done some really good work that you guys
We'll see eventually
Um at some point with a new product release of some sort that will have a lot of graphs
Anyway, he's done some really good work on on on graphing for us and and automating taking in that labs data
But the writing team by and large is really really great creatively
And really really passionate about about technology
But not necessarily as
Scientifically rigorous as the labs team, which is made up of engineers, right? Yeah
Meanwhile the labs team is really good at like
Nailing down process. They're trying to figure out like iso whatever the crap and I'm just kind of sitting here going
I just want to know if it's loud, you know
But but obviously I let them I let them do their thing because that's why we hire good people who want iso whatever stuff
Um, the point is, you know, those guys are really great at being super analytical
But they don't always necessarily see the content
In what they're doing like the labs has uh has given pushback on a concept where I wanted to just
Like grab the cheapest power supplies that we had kicking around here
And see how many of them we could blow up with the power supply tester before we got the proper oscilloscope and all the training on it
And they're like
But that's not very you know, I'm like, I don't care. It's it's a sick power supply tester
It's got a load load generator module and it let's blow up some
Go boom. Yeah, it's gonna be awesome. Um, they're oh, I really think we should wait until whatever blue flames the most
I mean, you could you could wait forever
You could wait forever to do things the most as properly
I want to make content about the process like did you have any idea how do you have any idea how advanced mark benches right now?
Some what yeah mark bench is
Incredible. Yeah, and nobody told me anything the last time anybody gave me an update on mark bench
It was just uh pretty much an auto hotkey script that would automatically not quite
It wasn't much more sophisticated than that though. This was back when they were still working upstairs here
Okay, yeah, the last time anybody updated me on mark bench
It was pretty much an auto hotkey script that would just kind of cycle through the buttons in the menu to run a canned benchmark
It was pretty unsophisticated
It was something that i'm sure reviewers around the world have been doing basically since the dawn of time
Yeah, we got roasted for it. I was like guys
This is not the end goal like relax. Do you remember that?
Do you know so annoying do you know what it can do now?
Okay, it uses so there's a there's a head unit you guys are going to see this in more detail
You're going to see this in action in the upcoming labs tour
But there's a head unit that sits under the desk that right now is monitoring the output with like api
So what would the what's actually running the api?
So that would be on the oh, you don't even know this saying right now
Are you talking to ocr when it's reading the screen? Is that it?
Yeah
Yeah, yeah something's running an api and it something hooks in one of them hooks into the other
So it must be the clients that are hooking into the server machine
I'm not entirely sure which part of the chain you're talking about right now, but it doesn't matter
The point is there's there's a head unit that is monitoring the screen outputs of all three of the stations and can apparently scale beyond that
And it is basically looking for text
So ocr is optical character recognition and what that does is it tells it
Hey, there's an unexpected state here and it can log that and spit out errors and get this it gets even better
It can actually use that
That optical recognition of what's going on on the screens to chop down all the footage
We record of the benchmarks and gameplay so that either we could
Splace them together if we wanted to show actual gaming footage off of these cards for the final video or we could
Or we could automatically edit them together if the
Labs tech or if the writer wanted to just you know, see if anything anomalous happened in terms of image quality
It's a very good idea to have it's something that we've talked about since the beginning
It can it does error handling so if a benchmark crashes
It'll say hey, uh, we're on the main menu right now. That's probably not where we're supposed to be
It can navigate menus. So what we saw running is that now
It can so it can navigate menus and then it's a separate thing that is
That is also running on the head unit. I believe that can handle input as well
So in our upcoming reviews of products that we'll have at some point that will have lots of graphs
NDA
We are going to have gaming benchmarks for games that do not have built-in benchmarks
Which is so cool because we can just navigate the menu
Open up a save
Move our character. We've got it down to about I think 1% is the target
I think we've got two games that are able to achieve within what 1% run to run variants
Which is so cool and we don't have to because we used to do this, but it was like an insane volume of manual work
No longer. Yeah, not anymore and it wasn't as reproducible whereas now the whole thing is being input by machine
It's pretty sick
No one thought to tell me this
We could have made an entire video about the progress on mark bench
And now it's just bundled into some lab update, which is fine
You know we should do a lab update and I guess now you guys get the information even more packed
But they are doing so much cool stuff over there
That we are not making videos about
How often do you want like do you consider
over saturation
In what sense like if we had if we had two videos on various mark bench milestones between the last
Two things between the last video we did on labs and this most recent update. Is that too much?
Um, it's more that I think in the labs update. We wouldn't include mark bench then
We would just talk about other stuff and but mark bench could have been its own video for sure
And really what it comes down to like how often we should release a new video about mark bench comes down to title and thumbnail
If we have a title
uh, you know
So that that would kind of require probably
What you're saying like more integration of you into what they're doing. Yeah. Yeah, so that I could tell them. Hey
This is super. This is titleable. Uh, yes, I can make this clicky. Yes
That that's the key right because that's what makes something a youtube video
I I don't I don't need anything other than a title and thumbnail and I can probably entertain for anywhere from nine to 15 minutes
Without too much difficulty, uh, but what I really need is a title and thumbnail
So, okay, let's say that
mark bench got more powerful and all of a sudden oh for the machine vision it needs an upgrade
And uh, by the way, we're going to parallelize all the benchmarking that we're doing to an even greater degree
And there's a couple of more harnesses for new games. I'm going let's go
okay, uh, all the all the stations need to be up on a rack
And I've got a gaming headset on in the in the thumbnail and I've got like a controller or a keyboard mouse. I'm like
I'm I'm benchmarking 12 computers. Yeah, and they're all and they're all there or whatever
Boom easy easy people will click on that no problem
And then we just explain all those things and show how it's all working and we go through this story of you know
How machine vision works and you know why we needed a more powerful GPU in order to run more stations at once
Why we didn't need a more powerful CPU or why we did need more ram. What did we need?
What didn't we need?
How does the storage for all this work? How does the storage for all this work?
Is it actually storing like screen recording from all of them or like what what what what are we doing? I believe so
To a certain degree. Okay, so we found this motherboard with 12 pcie slots so we could fill it with capture cards like I don't know
But let's tell that story darn it some amount. I think it might be temporal. I don't remember
I need to spend more time with that
Exactly
Exactly, they're over there doing the coolest stuff in this entire stupid building flow planes have been pants on fire for a long time
So I've been neglecting. Yeah, I get it and I'm just I'm not I'm not talking about any of it
So I'm excited. I'm excited. That's gonna be that's gonna be really awesome. Um, and I think that
Given that the lab
Is the biggest investment we've made into moat building pretty much since we started the company
If we are not
Utilizing it properly that's going to be terrible
Uh, oh the reason I started talking about the lab though was what I'm really excited about is what's going to be happening for short circuit
Man, we are going to be able to do like eight minute power supply videos that are literally everything
You could possibly need to know about it. Don't even bother looking at the manufacturing website that psu tester is so cool
and the the person who's been brought in to operate it
Has been really great so far apparently and we're really really really excited
It's going to be set up and ready to go hopefully in the next like few weeks
And the first video we have planned is going to be like a sub 40 power supply round up because isn't that what we need to know?
Like yeah with basic equipment like what a lot of other sites are using you can tell if it's going to
Immediately set your computer on fire
But which one is actually good?
Don't know I don't know don't know there's a bunch of that type of content that hasn't been
What were we talking about recently cell phones and they're like
Uh signal
Yeah, yeah who has better reception. I don't know that used to be something that was in a lot of cell phone reviews
Oh for sure people would talk about all the time and then it hasn't been a thing for quite a while though
Yep. Well, it was really hard to do. It was really hard to do
Repeatedly with a really sophisticated equipment. Yeah, and I think that's one of the reasons why it actually faded away
It was a lot of the testing that was being done was kind of junk. Yeah
So so either stops doing it either they were a site that or an outlet that didn't care and didn't bother
Or they were a site or outlet that did care and realized that what they were doing was worthless. Yeah
So so goodbye
Yeah
Yeah, I'm really I'm really excited about power supplies. We're really excited about what we're going to be able to do with rf men
Um, I found out how much that rf chamber cost. You didn't know I didn't I did
I didn't
Yeah, so cool room. Yeah, it's a pretty cool room. Yeah, I thought it was six figures
I didn't think it was deep six figures. Yeah
Yeah, yep. Yeah, but but
I got a I got a shout out Raymond DMC
Uh, apparently we're we're doing some some cross promotional like we're doing some marketing for them and it's yeah, it's
Not costing a lot or something. I don't know the exact deal
But we have a video coming on our rf chamber soon
And it's freaking sick. It's very cool. Yeah, it's genuinely very cool
Like really amazing really excited about that. Uh, so there's the rf chamber. There's power supplies
Uh, man gpu testing is going to be amazing with some of the changes to mark bench
We we were already
We were already running new fresh benchmarks, um for every review
And you guys are going to continue to see that which I I'm not sure who else is actually doing that right now
Because it's extremely time consuming and with the kind of crunch that you're operating on for these gpu reviews
It's really really tough to do but we are going to be doing even more testing. Um
Yeah, I'm just trying to think like what else is what else is kind of shaken so
That's it. I am the chief vision officer
Oh, yeah, the moat building right so when I say moat building the the goal is not to to like aggressively
You know attack other media outlets. That's why I referred to it as a moat and not as like a catapult defensive maneuver
Yeah, like the idea is just by by elevating our content by making things the best that we possibly can
Uh, we're putting ourselves in a position where
Other people are just going to have to make bigger investments if they want to match us for content
I had some people kind of criticize me for that like moat building and I guess there is kind of a negative connotation there but
Shouldn't everyone be trying to do the absolute best they can to make the best content they possibly can
I don't think that's the only approach either to be honest because we're doing like all of the things under the sun
And you could specialize
Yeah, that's not really is that uh
Yeah, it's not really like
Okay, sure
So what you're saying is like you would build your moat but like a small moat around a small castle by by like conquering a niche
You were mentioning like oh other people are gonna have to up their investment. It's like well not
In the same way though. Oh, sure. I see what you mean. Yeah, it could be in a smaller way around a smaller niche
Absolutely. I mean I've talked about how I think in a big way. That's a few that's the future of the platform
Yeah, is smaller smaller niche specialist channels. So
um, the way that my vision kind of looks right now is we're going to have to find a way
To match that and I think the way to do that is by centralizing a lot of great testing with great testing equipment
and
Really knowledgeable people
Generating data and then taking that and disseminating it across a wide variety of channels
Be they written or video or podcast or whatever it is that they are
That's the way that we're going to be able to leverage our strength
Which is our size while also competing with you know scrappy, you know smaller operations
That's the vision chief vision officer. Let's go
Want to pick our next topic? Are you are you tired of talking about it yet? Um
Which part of it just any part of it? I feel like you've probably just had constant conversations since it was done
Um sort of actually, you know what internally only a couple of people messaged me after monday morning meeting
Uh, even externally. I only had maybe like half a dozen people message me about it
The thing is that I'm kind of antisocial so I don't really talk to people
I mean I messaged taren about it. Obviously he was like, hey, thanks for the heads up and I was like, yeah
I had no idea it was coming. We pushed this like massive float plane update and then it was like well
happy it works
Yeah, what did he what did he say? I forget I forget what he actually said about it
Um, yeah, thanks for the heads up. I go ha ha no problem. He goes ha ha
I have random people. I don't know messaging me already
Dude reddit was covered in his face because people just making memes about it and stuff
It generally like good hearted. I think so yeah, it's good. Yeah, it's good overall
I've been really happy with the support from the community. Thank you so much guys
I really do agree with most of the community that says they think this is going to be a positive change
I do too. I just
Uh, man, what was some stupid administrative thing that I had to deal with this week?
You know, it doesn't matter. I think it's going to be hard to say without saying anything identifiable
Just
It doesn't matter. I every time someone contacts me at this point about something that
Is not going to be my problem in two weeks. I'm just like
Yeah
Two weeks dang it six weeks. Oh
I'm checked out already. Just I just ask them every time. Can this wait six weeks?
This is how to be dealt with now. I don't even have to do that. I can just ask them to wait two weeks
And then do that again and then one more time
That's the vision officer, dude. Yeah, that's how I deal with family members that I don't want to see very often
Just delay repeatedly. Yeah. Yeah. So what you do what what the is what's happening with the workout day then you know
No, actually, that's a whole that's a whole thing. So uh, so so the trick the trick is that you um
You schedule something
really far out
And then but not so far out that they'll try to schedule something in between
But far out enough that okay. So first you wait as long as possible
Right, then when it's finally time to do something you schedule it first far out as you can where there won't really be room to do
Something in between and then you won't have to hear about it until then then you rinse and repeat
And that's how you can kind of get down from like monthly to
Realistically special occasions and like a couple of other times a year. That's that's a trick
That's the that's the strap. That's the strap
Yeah
Okay, what do you want to talk about now? Uh, we can talk about the tv. Let's talk about the tv
startup offers a free tv
It spies on you
Uh, it's a startup called tele and it will soon be offering a free 55 inch 4k hdr television
That comes with a second banner screen, which is just like a very ultra wide screen
That goes underneath that constantly plays ads
The ads are designed to not interrupt the television viewing experience
But just in case you are concerned about it the 55 inch screen above can also just play ads when it's not in use
Just to make sure that you're fully saturated
The built-in sound bar includes a microphone and motion tracking camera with privacy shutter
According to tele's published
Policies the tv may collect information about the audio and video content you watch
Search queries the physical presence of anyone in the room and it may collect names email addresses
phone numbers ages dates of birth same
Sort of thing uh zip codes precise geolocation gender ethnicity and sexual life or sexual orientation
And also political beliefs like environmentalism, which you don't have if you own this tv
If users opt out of data collection, they will have to return the television or have their credit card charged
$500 nice the company claims they will ship half a million
Half a million units, uh starting this summer
Wow, I think we should get one
Oh, yeah as soon as I saw this I was like I am all over this because we have to try to figure out how to
Spoof it
That's my opinion that would be sick. We should try to fit like the motion presence thing
I'll just like set up some stuff like make it think that's things are going on
So we just need like one of those little humping dog usb things
So that it thinks it's monitoring your sex life or whatever it just goes continuously
Oh man, I don't know
Holy crap like if you could I mean if you could somehow have it so like the main screen
Was viewable by you but that second screen was like turned around or something
But there was stuff there to trick it into thinking that it was tracking things. Okay, mr. Lafrenier. Oh my
You know, it's serious when he pulls out the last name. I'm I'm sorry. I've got to say I actually don't think this is a big deal
Really because it's like all already happening. Well, oh really you just
You can't let me build there
Think about it
We've seen recently all the stuff that's been coming out about tesla employees having access to footage collected from the cars
Including like, you know people performing sex acts. Um, you know, we've seen the way that I mean
honestly, I would say that
My digital communication through email is probably more intimate than a camera in my living room
honestly
Would you disagree no I could see that and
I'm not even the kind of person who just posts everything about my personal life to facebook
For someone who already posts every thought that enters their mind on facebook or twitter
It's not true for everyone though. No, but for those people. Yeah, realistically
What f***ing difference does a tv in their living room with a camera on it make?
Honestly, I think I think the main thing
Uh, I think the main difference personally would be that this one the point
And what you are agreeing to
is the
Capture of that data whereas like the tesla thing
I
People are gonna get four dollars in a class action lawsuit because of it. That's huge
I mean, yeah, I guess I just I just mean this isn't new
Look at how okay
Look at the difference in cost between the uh, the ad supported version of the facebook or the meta
I don't know whatever the quest the difference between the personal version and the business version
It was well like 200 300 dollars or something like that
I remember but it's a lot but but that was the first time that I had ever had an apples to apples comparison
of the same service
In the personal information supported version and the hey, we actually need to make some money on this version
I shouldn't say the first when I signed up for g-suite
In the early days it was pretty inexpensive
But nowadays services like g-suite are not actually our google workspace or whatever they call it now are not actually that cheap
I have easily spent 500 on my email account in the years that I've been operating it
You the free gmail user have spent nothing. Why?
Because google has gotten 500 of value from you. That's that's math. That's how that works, right?
And so if these guys are saying yeah, this is like a basic tier 500 tv, which we know because
We're really smart and you can just buy it for 55 inch does not make it a theater display
It's 55 inches, which is pretty decent size, but they charge you 500 bucks if you don't agree to the policy anymore, right?
500 bucks. Yeah
Yeah, I'll record a constant recording of your living room is probably worth that
And you've probably already traded your soul for that amount of money before
So i'm not saying you should do it. I'm just saying you're doing it already. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's fair enough
I do think there's there's easier steps one can take to reduce this amount of stuff. Sure if they don't
Yeah, do something like this
Um, especially if you're not like a social media person, which if you're not doing it for your job
I would kind of pretty highly suggest you probably do less than you are
Because it just rots your brain. Um, but like
Yeah, I don't know I
When they said their stat, I don't remember where it was. Oh, yeah, the company claims they will ship half a million units starting this summer
Yeah, probably maybe more
I suspect people will jump on this for sure. Oh, yeah
We've got we've got people in the chat like dude whose face is in public doesn't see how being in someone's image database
Might not be someone else's cup of tea. Of course. I do that's not my point at all
He's saying a very large percentage of users are doing that stuff anyways. So if you're security conscious
Obviously, this is not for you very obviously, but you already knew that
so like
Yeah, I don't know there's a there's a ton of people that like put
Way too much information out there. Yeah, absolutely like those those facebook quizzes that like ask you every
Weird personal detail you could ever have as a secret question answer because they're farming secret question answers
People fill those out all the time
Yep, and this is this one feels really invasive and egregious
But i'm willing to bet there was a okay
And this okay, this actually may not be true
But I wouldn't be surprised if we saw a similar reaction to the first billboard on the highway
Like oh, it's distracting. It's an eyesore
Or you know the first full page
I still hate billboards or the first full page advertising spread in a newspaper
What this isn't even this isn't even content. This is just ads
I paid for this news. I paid for this
Exactly exactly this this slow boil
has been happening for over a century at this point
And what's next?
I guess that's where i'm going with this right like i'm it's not that i'm not outraged
I i'm just i'm just saying like this feels like a logical step
We've literally talked about how tv's are going to do this eventually on the wind show in the past
Yeah, oh and that and I mean, I think there's already like I think there's already patented technology that someone
That we talked about on wind show from someone that monitors monitors your eyes that uses eye tracking to tell if you're actually looking at ads
or not right like that's
This is a logical step from there
I mean, I didn't think it was going to just have like a full
Full motion camera
necessarily I thought I thought eye tracking would be enough but at every stage we just kind of get used to
Yeah, this seems this seems normal now. So so sorry. No, no, I actually want an answer to that
I want to hear from you guys. Okay full plane chat. What's next? What's the next one?
is it now uh
in your in your
Bedroom, I mean, well then again, you know, you already look at like echo dots right there everywhere
The number of people that probably have an echo dot in their bedroom right now ring doorbells. Yeah. Yeah
Stuff like that
Okay, well, okay, but well do we see okay then do we see an advertising supported version of the ring doorbell?
Every time you come home. It's like watch that 30 second ad welcome home courtesy of you know moors
Well made well priced well dressed like a freaking. I don't know I noticed your your outfit is looking rather tattered today
Yeah, you should check out more. Have you considered getting a haircut? You know great clips down the street is running a promo right now
We we noticed uh that you didn't take a lunch this morning. Would you like me to order some food for you?
Like honestly though like that was supposed to be how digital assistants like alexa and and
Siri I guess to a lesser degree. I don't know what apple was trying to do with siri
But how alexa and how google assistant and how to a lesser degree, but certainly significant degree kortana
That was supposed to be the whole point of them. They were supposed to make revenue through advertising
We were supposed to shop by just telling alexa. Hey, uh, i'm out of tide pods my kids ate them
Can you order some more but maybe in the ones that taste like dog poo so that they won't eat more of them or whatever, right?
Like it was supposed to be very conversational
Um, and it just never really happened
But this is how they do it they get a second or a third or a fourth generation of this is loaded to the gills
With you know machine learning hardware in it so that it's like really understanding what it's seeing it doesn't just see
it understands
And is linked together with all your echo dots and all your security cameras and everything and they're basically just
telling you where to go
Asking you if it they can order things for you a future rama predicted ads in your dreams
I hopefully we're pretty far away from that but
Okay, let's see. I I I feel like it's borderline forced watching stuff
Um, we've talked about that for a bit like ads in in vr and ar experiences, especially ar experiences
Um, if ar glasses finally ever
Get sleek enough that they take off
um
I feel like ads are going to be a
Horrible version of that experience by the way, I saw a funny that I want to make sure I mentioned
It's way gone now
But someone mentioned that they think the main reason why you wouldn't mind this tv is because you wouldn't see the ads anyways
Um, I thought that was pretty good. I thought that was pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I'm into it
Yeah, kind of brutal but
People are gonna take these so like
Yeah tablets, I mean
They're already monitoring everything you do on your tablet. I guess the only difference is that it could actually just
Outright have the camera on at all times
ads in near a link
Okay, I take back what I said, maybe the commercials and dreams are not that unrealistic. Yeah
Oh, man
It comes just using that. Yeah
I'm high and just trying to enjoy tech bro talk and this is making me physically ill
Sorry bro
I'm actually sorry. I didn't mean to get all
Uh, all of all of processor. Okay. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to get all amped up about this
I know you're trying to relax right now. I was gonna get paranoid because you called him out
No, no, no, it's not he's feeling very seen right now, man. No, no, it's not like that. It's not like that. Yeah, everyone's
Okay, look everyone who's just trying to like
Lay back and relax and chill on a friday. I'm so sorry. I hope you enjoy watching your your brand new telly
Um, yeah, um you can now own for zero dollars. Have you considered shopping at cannabis dispensary dot com?
I
Is that a thing I don't know probably I don't I don't know what I just referred people to
um
Okay, apparently someone's just just camping that domain. So that's probably good. Yeah, that's probably for the best
But yeah, I don't know like yeah, what's the difference nothing
It's just another one of those things that I won't get for the same reason
Why I don't have a bunch of echo dots and all this other type of stuff, but like
At the same time I carry my phone on me
Yeah, and I have a robot vacuum that has a camera on it. Yeah, you know, what's really sad is that the people who are going to be
Predatorially
Exploitatively whatever the people who are going to be marketed to so aggressively here
Are the people who can't afford?
Yeah
To just buy the tv because this isn't a concern for me
I'm not choosing between having a tv at all
And not having a tv right like if my tv broke I would just
Pay for it to be repaired or pay for a new one. I don't this this is not
This is not cutting my life into pieces my last resort
suffocation, you know, no breathing, right?
Like I
Anywho
But for a lot of people it's not an option
They're they don't have
$500 and something like this could be really
Appealing and I guess what I what I just what I fear for is that it's going to cost them more than $500
You know, it's an interesting thing
It says if it's expensive to be poor if users opt out of data collection
Yeah, they'll have to return the television or have their credit card charged $500. What if they've already had their data collected for three years?
I don't know it doesn't say yeah, if you just like don't turn the tv on
Could they tell if you taped over the bottom screen like that's the type of stuff i'm wondering about like what if you had like
A board or something sure that like covered it up. I guess you'd still have sound problems
You have a mirror
You have a black mirror you make it track itself. You make it. Yeah, you make the the camera watch the tv
Let's see how you like it
It does in the to s so wait it has to be plugged in
What if you have like an extended power outage?
wow
Oh, i'm just trying to figure out like all the different ways people could abuse this thing that is unreal
Could you piehole it? I don't know
I don't know
You really you have to have the internet connected to it according to the to s. Yeah, so they'll know
That's wild
It's pretty nuts. That's wild. Yeah, all of processor again in here with the real truths overdraft charges are worth millions of dollars a year
That is disgusting
It's actually really like charging people for having no money the first time I got charged for overdraft. I was like
Why didn't the transaction fail?
They they have that function. I know for a fact they have that function because I've seen it
So how did I manage to take out 18 cents more money than I actually had? Oh 18 cents. No
$20 and 18 cents now like oh my goodness ridiculous and for me it wasn't a matter of like I didn't have money or anything
I just like I forget I like used the wrong I keyed in the wrong account or something like that
Like this is when I was a teenager and I still managed my own finances, but I
I was just I was like outraged. I was like, this is the stupidest thing ever. Well, it is. It's disgusting. Yeah
35 it's 35 dollars when I was growing up the the
Over whatever fee was 20 bucks. Yeah, I think it was like five or ten bucks when I was a kid
$45
That is just outright
Predatory and should be illegal the amount is man the amount of stuff. We just need like a we just need
Like a common sense council, man
Like just are we massively abusing people that are having a hard time?
If maybe we shouldn't do that. Yeah, if if no
Okay, yeah, if yes
then
of
and
No, like I just
Yeah
Um, okay
Now is the time for us to explain merch messages and I want to make it really clear
Merch messages are for people who have the disposable income
Not for people to be exploited. Don't go into your overdraft. Please. Please. No, please. No
Uh, if you don't already have the money in your bank account to pay off your credit card for this month
Do not use your credit card on a merch message
But if you're in a good state and you're ready to go merch messages are the way to interact with the show
Don't send a super chat. Don't send twitch bits or whatever. Send a merch message
Go to lttstore.com. Check out any of the awesome stuff that we have over there
Uh, do we have any product launches or anything like that that we need to talk about? Yeah, actually
Oh, we do. Oh, we have some cool new stuff. Anyway, I'll get to that in a second
But first you head over there and in the checkout you're going to see a box when we're live
In the cart. Thank you. You're going to see a box when you're live that will prompt you to send a merch message
That merch message goes to one of a few places. It goes to our producer dan
Well, actually it all they all go to producer dan then from there
Producer dan might reply to you and you'll see your reply down there
Or you might just see your message get pushed onto the stream so you can be like hi mom
Or like uh, hi other mom or whatever. It doesn't really matter
Or you might have your message curated and it'll be something that luke or i or luke and i or sometimes dan
Will also reply to during wan show after dark
We'll do a couple of them now just to kind of show you guys how it works
But first I want to show you what we've got on the side
We're launching two new products this week
And one of them is a pretty big announcement. Yeah, this is the official logo for ltt labs. Yeah, what do you think?
Uh, I actually I like it. It's subtle. You can you can you can just say you don't like it
No, I'm not against it. You can just say you don't like it
I immediately saw it as a heat sink because when gary and I were talking about it
He pulled out a heat sink and was like this is the logo and I was like what and then he showed me the digital version
I was like, okay, but then you wouldn't have known it was a heat sink. No, no
I see it as a heat sink, but people have brought up that it looks like a file folder
Like one of those things that like one of those like trays that holds files
Yeah, I guess so but I think with the context of having labs there. Yeah, kind of put it together. Yeah, I'm okay with it
Yeah, yeah, I'm just happy. We have a logo. Yeah, we finally have a logo. Which is sick
It looks really great in the gradient version
Which is not here. So cool. I guess you guys I can debut that later
Anyway, it's available in six different colors. This is a pre-sale item
All shirts will be printed following purchase. It may take one to two weeks to print and ship
Please do note this. This is highlighted. Now. There's no excuse for not noticing. Also. We've got the same thing, but
I'm aware. I'm aware. It's a small microcontroller heat sink
And we've done a little repeat of what we did when we did our first
Linus tech tips branded merch
So if you pick up the labs shirt or the labs hoodie
It is possible that we will reprint these in the future or that they'll be available on the regular
But we will never won't say first do another one with a hashtag first at the back
So really appreciate everyone for supporting this first merch drop for the lab
And uh our our mission that we're on here and now hold on just a gosh darn second here. Oh cool
You can change the text color logo color. Yeah. Oh, I actually didn't know we had that power. That's pretty cool
What else did I want to talk about? Uh, oh no books. Oh, no books are back in stock. Oh, that's awesome
Those were out of stock for a long time. All right, let's do a couple merch messages. Then
I want to talk about
Hold them off. Ah, okay. Perfect. Perfect amount of teasing. Oh, okay. All right, Dan hit us
Sure. First up here. We've got lots today. Hi DLL
What's an example other than luke of someone you've hired for x-roll then discovered their veteran y-roll
Oh, I mean, I think that that didn't take long
Um, I mean brandon, uh, brandon lee was hired as an editor. Oh, was he? Yeah
I didn't know that remember he worked on the steel series set
He had his editing station up in the office upstairs at my house not at the Langley house, man
I forgot we had a steel series set. I remember all of this now. Yep. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Um, so
I honestly the list probably goes on and on realistically
I mean once you've had people for a really long period of time
It's not that uncommon that they'll swim through a few different sets of responsibilities
We hired colton for the business team and found out that really his talents were better suited for like waste management
janitorial
Yeah
Uh hit me again
Yeah, sure. Uh, hi lld. Congratulations on your retirement
What's your thoughts on the slow drop of the 40 series nvidia cards been waiting months for laptops in australia with a
4070 but no end in sight
Man, that's a that's a good question. I actually didn't know that there was a supply issue on 4070 based laptops
By slow drops, I kind of thought you meant maybe like the staggered rollout where they've launched the lineup
Sort of one card at a time
But that's pretty much par for the course for them because for nvidia
It's very beneficial to have people talking about them all the time
I mean we found this on ltt store
One of the best things that I can do to sell more water bottles is to talk about a cool new shirt design
So you guys go. Oh sick shirt
Hey, well, I'm at it. I might as well throw a water bottle in since I got to pay the shipping fees anyway, so sick
Um, so that's that's that's nvidia for you, right? Like if they launch a new gpu. That's very competitive
It creates a new cycle where everybody's talking about it
And you know, oh, you're launching a 4070 ti, but you know what? I'm like I'm flush with cash
I don't want a 4070 ti, but if you make a good 4070 ti, I bet your 4090 is pretty good and you go buy one of those
Right, it's just beneficial for companies to you know, they say there's no such thing as bad publicity, right?
It's beneficial for them to be talked about constantly
So that's why you're going to see this slow roll
They kind of drag it out for as long as they can and at every at every stop at every product
There's the announcement and there's the unboxing embargo and there's the review embargo
And then there's the announcement of a game bundle that we're doing and then there's the new feature that we've
Said we were going to do but now we have actually enabled so they try to keep this communication going constantly, right?
So that would be why they do that as to why there are no 4070 laptops and stock in australia
I would say it's probably because australia is really far
I was just going to say I think that's probably more an australia specific issue. Yeah
Yeah, all right. Give me one more dan like internet
With your stepping down will sponsorships be changing at all e.g
vetting products and companies or discontinuing them in situations like anchor
I would expect not like I said the well, okay, so here's something that not everyone I think fully understood
is the the reporting structure between me and taren is
Kind of weird, right?
So everybody everybody on the pyramid on the in the organizational chart reports into the chief executive officer
Including the cto the cvo the c whatever o all the all the c-sweets everyone below there ultimately reports to the ceo
So I report to taren and he can tell me what to do
Day to day
But oh go ahead. I see I find this easier to understand because it's something I had to kind of wrap my head around to at one point
As there being two linuses
Sure
There's employee linus and business owner linus. Yes
So that's the thing, right? He's my boss and he can tell me what to do on a in a given never mind a day in a given week
or a given month even
but then
They the ceo works at the um
Yeah, sure at the at the behest of the shareholders and the directors so
I am the principal shareholder and I am one of only two directors of the company the other being
Yvonne and so taren when it comes to executing on our vision for the company reports to us
So on the one hand he's there as a check and balance to make sure that I am not
screwing things up on a daily basis with respect to making sure that this place runs smoothly to kind of
You know slap me if I am if I am doing something that is you know really detrimental to one of the other departments or
If I am you know training people in a way that's incorrect or whatever else to help us
To help us operate better, but not just like chief operating officer like to help us
To help us execute on on bigger picture things than just what a coo would do
So if he were to say like look, I I think our our best use of our investment is going to be to start a system integrator
Let's say hypothetically
chief vision officer
I want a plan for how we're going to differentiate how we're going to market this thing
And what that's going to look like
But then he would have to come to me above him and say I want to spend two million dollars
Starting an si. Here's the plan
Um, and here's how we're going to market it which like I gave him so he gets to say he gets to present
My presentation to me and then you get to pick yourself apart. Yeah
There's some weird loopiness
Yeah, and I do think that this is going to work
Really well and the main reason for that is that you know, I've worked with terrin longer than I've worked with
Most of the people here
And that's something that I feel there was a lot of anxiety about
Even from members of our current executive team because they didn't really they didn't know him, right?
To a lot of people who's coming in as an outsider
There was a lot of anxiety, but I think
I've been doing some thinking on this as well. I think that was good
I think if we were just all like, uh, sure that would have been like kind of stupid
Well, I would have I would have told you guys you're being idiots because that's not due diligence like it was right for us to question it
I I
Here's a bit of a curve ball. Yeah, I mean throw not a super major one. I'm ready. I uh
In in like a weird way, and I don't know if you're ready for this or not. I know you're bad with compliments
I'm proud of you for doing this. Oh
um
Yeah, yeah, because I think thank you. I think
We both have this kind of tendency to just like be down to just like carry things
And you've been carrying this for way too long
And I know you have a hard time letting go of things too. Mm-hmm. So I feel like this was probably very difficult
It's been a rough week. Yeah
Honestly, it's been a rough long time. Yeah, you know, um
So like I'm I'm proud of you for actually
Being willing to do the thing that needed to be done to solve that problem. I was forced because that's tough
Okay, not by a person
But there are worse ways you could have dealt with that. Sure
I don't know what I would have done if he hadn't taken the job though. Yeah
because
While I definitely wanted and I solicited feedback from our leadership team about this hire
um
I wasn't
That open to alternatives
That's a that's one way to put
There was no option for alternatives
Well, I mean, I even told I even told Taryn this as part of the negotiation process
He's like, well, what's your job offer? And I'm like, look, I'm gonna do that complete like
Thing where I make you pitch me. You you yeah, you tell me. Yeah, you know how I always I always do that
I'm the worst, right? I'm gonna so you tell me
and
Here's the thing
Either your pitch is gonna make sense
And I'm gonna say
Yeah, you you are able to see the big picture
Even considering your own personal gain and do something that is balanced and right for both the company and yourself
Or you're gonna pitch me something that sucks and I probably shouldn't hire you anyway
Those are the only two outcomes. So no, this is this is actually your first test
Yeah, is to tell me what your compensation package should be like why and why yeah pitch it to me because your entire job is going to be
pitching shareholder Linus on expenses and
And management and why what you're doing is in the best interests of the company
So prove it and like obviously, you know
His response you f***ing, you know guy, right?
A little bit, but also I think he understood where I was coming from because if we're going to have that level of trust
And we're going to be able to communicate that openly. It has to start from day one. It can't
Can't just be it can't just be random
and so
The reason that I wasn't really that open to to and I and I told him to as part of this this very open communication
I was like, yeah, I'm making you do this
But the reality of it is I don't have any other candidates and I'm not really open to them
So you have me over a barrel
But let's see what you would do with that. Are you gonna deal with this properly? Yeah. Yeah
um, and the reason that I wasn't really open to
Other options even though like obviously we could have posted a job listing
What I don't post on indeed, you know, I'm hiring a ceo for a media company. So I don't know
But
That wouldn't have changed my day-to-day. I wouldn't have been able to let go
I I would have had to
I would have been looking over this ceo's shoulder because I don't know them
I don't have that relationship and like I said earlier on the show. I'm not
I'm pretty antisocial. I don't want more friends
Like I joke a lot about how I have more. I have no friends
But the reality of it is I actually don't design to I actually don't want them. I'm tired. I don't like talking to people
and so I would have to I
I'd have to like build a relationship with this person and like
Build this rapport and try to achieve this like mind meld
And it's so much easier to just hire someone who already is the person who trained me to
To be the the business mind that I am
as it were
And so I know would make the decision that I would because the only reason I do what I do is because they told me to
Um, I had a lot of people question
Um, you know why we didn't hire from within
and
It's a really good question. I think that there's a lot of potential
for people to
Be upset both externally and internally. I'm pissed. We didn't even you know post
We didn't even give anyone an opportunity to apply for the job internally
um
But and I mean this in the kindest possible way
Nobody internally was even close to qualified
Sorry that just
I'm sorry. I don't think that's entirely those people's fault. No, it's not. Well, where's their mentorship?
I know you're not saying that I'm saying that for the audience to be super clear. Okay. Um, yeah, but that's totally true
Like where has their mentorship been? We're a really young team too. Yes. Like we do not have people
I'm the adult in the room
What the f**k?
And when we're talking about like these situations where like, oh
You you don't necessarily realize you need to create a knowledge base article for something
Um, and then you don't necessarily have the time to do it afterwards and stuff
Like we're coming from that and you're expecting this type of like it's just it hasn't been there. Yeah, it's tough
um
So we we actually do post new positions internally under normal circumstances
But this was a something that was you know, kind of a private matter for me in in a certain sense and be
Something that again, like no offense to anyone. They just weren't
Weren't right for the job and I'd love. Yeah
Uh, jay taylor said uh, I always feel like luke, uh, wouldn't want to be the CEO
I could see myself being interested potentially at some point not now
For a multitude of reasons one
I feel like I have a lot of unfinished business with the teams that I currently run
and by having that
role change I would have to kind of like
Leave them which does not feel right and two I'm not ready. Anyways, do you have a lot to learn? Yeah
I mean, it's it's always really funny for me when I hear my own words coming out of luke's mouth
talking about like
Some strategy that he used to talk to his team or like
And but like there's still a lot like I I understand because I'm not stupid that there's a long road of that ahead of me still
so like and the thing is that
I'm not really qualified to take you down that road
That's a big part of this too is I don't have that much real-world work experience
Like think about that and we're like this is the one thing that like I guess I'm still
I'll be uncomfortable about this
For a while and that's just going to be a reality is linus slash avan
Which I'm considering one unit or person right now. That's how we see it. Yeah. So that's fine
Has been my direct report for 12 years
effectively my entire
realistically professional life
Because everything before then was like temporary jobs if I'm being honest and I think that's that's going to be a big change
But I will also say now having spent time with taren
I'm interested. Yeah
And yvonne and I have a lot to we have a lot to give we actually do have a lot to teach
She has management experience coming into this. I have experience coming into this and we've both learned
a ton
Just school of hard knocks. Let's go making our way through the last 10 years
But there's actually ways to do things
But you don't just make up as you go along and see what sticks
That's a lot of my stuff too. So like I I feel like I might end up having a lot of
Growth from this. Yeah, it's just gonna be it's a it's just it's a complicated situation and I
Appreciate the fact that we did that executive retreat thing
Because that I had talked to him a few times. Obviously I met him at the roast
I had respect for him from like knowing him back in ncx days very lightly
I think I met him like twice and just having having you talk about him meeting him at the roast all that kind of stuff
But being able to spend an extended period of time of like two days or whatever but still
was was reassuring because
The things that I care about in a person in this type of role is like
I mean, he's a human. He's gonna make mistakes at some point
But you could tell the way that he was approaching conversations and problems when we were at that retreat and he's probably watching this
So this is awkward. Um, but I could tell that
In the case where he makes some form of mistake or someone else does that he seems
Significantly more invested in trying really hard and solving the problem than like crushing people or whatever else
He's he's very like
Like game-minded. Yep. Like let's let's get this done. Let's do it in the best way and to be clear
He'll tell you when you f*** up, which is good. Yeah, one of my I wouldn't work very well with him if he didn't so like that's fine
Yeah, one of my one of my most vivid memories was when he told me off for
uh
Like telling a vendor some kind of like super internal information just like in a casual conversation. He's like
You don't talk about that. Like it kind of ran me through
Terse is a word that I've used to describe taren before. Hi taren if you're watching
Um, he's better about it now, which is really good. He was younger and fatter year than we all were
So it was definitely terse
but I understood it
And it was in the interest of the company doing better and me doing better. Yeah, and you got it. You got to respect that, right?
Yeah, so I don't know. I've got a couple good questions here that I've seen in the chat
Uh, one is hey, isn't that the guy who ran ncix into the ground? What are you doing hiring him?
No, I've had that same comment. I've had to make the same clarification
yeah
taren was my boss, but not the owner of ncix and actually taren was
A big part of if not the reason that I left
When they when what they should have what ncix should have done
Uh, well, man, how long ago was it? I guess, uh, about 12 years ago was they should have hired taren to be
Not if not ceo coo and given him the reins to run it
That would have saved it a hundred percent. I I really do believe that in my heart of hearts
I had some ideas and all of that but I was basically a kid at that point and I had good ideas like ways that that we could do better
Um, but I I didn't like I wasn't an executive. I'm not barely an executive now. I was certainly wasn't an executive then
He had the stuff he could have figured it out and instead they pushed him out
And I was like, well, this is ridiculous because now we've got like the inmates running the asylum essentially around here
None of the adults are left in the room. Um, it's time to start looking for the exit
Like it was very clear that the writing was on the wall as soon as they a
Uh, didn't recognize that they were in trouble and b
Couldn't hire the solution that already worked for them
Oh, wow, what is happening here?
Um, so so no that is not what happened and then another really good question that's coming up a fair bit is why not yvonne for ceo?
um, a couple of reasons one
It's that's that ain't her jam. I was gonna say she wouldn't want that
Yvonne if she were to change titles from cfo would be the chief operating officer. Yvonne has such a mind
for um optimization
She is just the queen of efficiency
And aside from that she's she really loves solving problems. Um, and so operations would be something that she would totally just kick
out at
But the question is does she want the job and as shareholder she basically gets to decide what job she does sort of but also doesn't because she's a shareholder
And she just kind of needs to do whatever is right for the company and both of us have done that for a long time
And so while my transition is really public she may go through a transition that will be
probably less public but
Equally helpful for her. I think it's been a long time doing something that she has
Realistically no real no actual passion for which is like financial stuff
Um, so yeah, um, yeah, well, that's the thing. She can be good at anything. She just needs to she just needs to decide
She's good at it and it's like, okay, then
Like I can't do that. I don't have that power
Like i'm i'm really good at some stuff way better than her at some stuff
But she is way better than me at anything
Other than that's like a handful of stuff that i'm really good at
It's kind of wild
How she'll just like I mean look at that stupid short circuit video she did on the cricket
I gave her about 13 minutes of training in the car on the way to work
And kind of helped her put together like a skeleton for you know
What a script might look like and then she did the whole thing
It's got like 1.4 million views or whatever she has she has almost no on-camera experience
Her total on-camera experience is like maybe a couple hours
And like doesn't really like it as far as my understanding goes didn't mind it. Okay. She gets like kind of she doesn't like coming on
When that's the only she gets kind of self-conscious about it sometimes I think but it's just like
I don't know. I I tend to be kind of dismissive about it. I'm like whatever
You're like you're good at anything. So what do you like don't I mean want to hear it
You know, it's like oh, I got such a bad mark. It's like that's like way higher than my mark
It's typical
Didn't you fail out? I don't know how much that means
Ha ha ha ha
Um
Okay, should we move on? Yeah, we need to talk about a big ltt store thing here. Ah
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Check this out. Check this out now. Oh, yeah
Hold on for the sake of the integrity of our poll
Neither you nor I
Is going to is going to give any feedback on this one. We'll see if the poll works
Oh, what are polls broken? Oh, yeah, that might be. Oh crap. We know how to fix them
I don't remember. I don't think they're fixed. Oh, okay. We were a little bit more focused on
The massive update. Okay. Do you want to try to create a poll? I
I mean I can the poll is just option one option two option three
Uh, let's just okay. Yeah, sure. Okay. Go for it
Good luck everybody
We are finally ready to what is the question. What one do you want? Uh, yeah, which which one is best?
Okay, did it work?
Yes, well, okay, that's not the part that's gonna have a oh, okay. It's the speed at which
People are voting. Oh, and we know how to fix it. It's like not hard, but we've had time
Yeah, what I'm not surprised guys. Don't do that that
What are you doing? There's not that many votes. Okay. Well, let's not worry about that then
Okay, let's just yeah, there's a lot of people watching on float plane these days. Okay
We're finally announcing it the noctua edition of the ltt screwdriver in tan and brown
This is option one
This is option two
And this is option three
Okay, I don't want to I don't want to bias you guys
And and luke I actually have a couple of the options
Here in the studio here in the studio in person you can check it out. Yeah very
Very very excited for this. This is going to be freaking awesome
I mean it means a lot to me to collaborate with a company like noctua
You know how their standards are if they're willing to if they're willing to
Cross cross promote and and participate in something like this
You know, they got to absolutely love the screwdriver. So
Have a look don't really give a ton of thoughts yet dan
Do you want to man the camera and we can kind of show these ones off after?
Uh, I need to send a message. Um, oh, okay. Oh screw it. Yeah, okay
Um, okay, he's I took it on the ground
Wow
Uh, I'm just gonna go ahead. I'm gonna I'm gonna not show the results here. I'm gonna go back to this
Uh, all right. So luke do you want to kind of show what you got there? Yeah, so both of these
um
So again guys option one option two option three
I'm trying to find that okay, so
This one is the most unique one. Is that correct the most unique one
Because there's I believe this one has the same color like, uh, I don't remember the name for the selector ring
And the whatever you call this
I
Mean I'm not sure what you mean by most unique one. That's called the end cap though
Okay, so end cap selector ring same color handle same color
And then the accent ring is um, I believe is that in there. Yeah, that's in there. It's matched to the body color
Oh, okay. So I was going to say this is the same but inverse as the other one and then this one doesn't have an inverse
Is that correct? Uh, yeah, that one follows the same kind of color scheme as the uh, like the orange one would with the accent on
The end cap of the accent on the accent ring
Don't don't give an opinion yet because I want I actually need, you know, true results here
Okay, well, um
Wow
What just we're gonna have to close the poll at some point and I was expecting it to be
Not this close. Okay. Don't spam in chat guys. Relax. Yeah guys
Chat does not is not where the polling happens the polling happens in the poll the poll
Yeah, we're not looking at chat
What are the option numbers again? One two and three. Yeah, okay, you're welcome
I will show you again
Okay, so one this one is one two and three this one is two and then the pictured one is three
Uh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, you're holding three in your left hand. Yeah, and then this is two and so one
I don't have yeah. Yeah one you don't have
Okay, okay, I'm gonna close the poll now
We are closing the polls
And let's see our um, yes
Yes, see that's the part. Oh, okay. Well, let's show the results then
option one
Whoa, wait
Oh, it just changed
Option one and option three are a dead heat 586 to 586
Okay, I don't know how to deal with okay. It's finished now
Uh, holy crap
Yeah, it's finished for you. I have never seen any poll this close for anything we've ever done
Option one one
But by only two votes
Literally point three percent of the vote
um
Okay
Do we need to do a runoff then
We can does it happen to be that
Okay, no, you know what
I think this you know, I think this is enough information for us to go back to
Noctua and kind of figure this out then. Um, either way. Okay. What do you think now?
Do you want me to show you all three again? Yeah, okay
I will say
I don't feel like super strongly about it. Really? I think they're all pretty cool
Um, I think
This one
So option two. Yeah, and option
Not this one are probably my favorite option two and one. I think it is or my two favorite got it
Yeah, you know what's funny is I think this is one that I just completely
Didn't nail um
I liked this one. I like yeah, I like that one or or option one personally
I
Do you have a do you think it's not white, but do you think that color would?
It might show it might show stuff. I just thought it looked way cooler. Um
But people are more into the they're more into the brown body on it
Yeah, like all right. Okay. And you know what I I think I just I think I just lost uh
I think I just lost a bet because noctua objected pretty strongly to this one
Is that is that is that the one that I didn't I wasn't really watching the results much
Is that the one that this one lost lost and the other two
Um, we're basically tied. We're
Functionally even yeah
So
I guess we'll see we'll have to work it out with not to a which version of this
People are saying there was a thousand votes before we even showed the options
Do you want to rerun the poll? Do you want to rerun the poll with just two options?
No, I'm not too worried about it because when I looked earlier on before I actually showed the options the poll was
Fairly even and two was actually winning. I think so and then it kind of inverted
So so if people threw away their vote they threw away their vote, but like that's that's voting for you. Yeah
That's kind of part of the system
Eventually like when we can work on things that aren't incredibly important. I do want to have ranked choice voting
Yeah, I think that would be sick. Yeah, it'd be super cool. But not now
All right. So there you go guys the noctua screwdriver
Is officially announced. We are working with noctua on what exactly the color scheme will be
That's the detail that we're kind of going back and forth on right now
It's not like actually viewers choice like noctua needs to have input and all this other kind of stuff
They do need to have input. Uh, I mean worst case scenario
We just do a brown and tan screwdriver and they're not involved. I guess. Haha. Yeah
Um, I mean that's
Oops
What?
Oh
It's gonna say that's what we're doing for some other stuff. Oh, don't worry about it
I wonder how the new ceo is gonna treat leaks. Yeah
Well, he won't be the first person to yell at me about the way that I just talk about stuff on wandshow
Let's do a couple more topics. You want to pick one?
Sure
Uh schools are struggling with ai as the academic year ends
American schools are approaching the end of a full semester with widespread access to ai chatbots and ai enabled cheating has been
Predictably rampant especially now because a lot of schooling a lot of your grades are kind of like end of term or semester
weighted
So it's gonna be a bigger project, you know
Yeah, one big project one big final stuff like that
It's unclear to what degree this is an actual increase in academic dishonesty because like are more people cheating
Or is it just more rampant for the people that are cheating?
Or is it making a bigger impact or something like that?
Cheg a tutoring service widely criticized for allowing students to buy the answers to homework and also tests has told investors
That chat gpt has likely damaged their ability to attract new customers
The company has since lost one billion dollars in market valuation. This happened a while ago
Isn't it wild that?
Like a test cheating company is worth any billion
Yeah, like the fact that they could lose that much is like, well, okay
Kind of nuts uh complicating matters. How can students? No, seriously. No. No, I want to come back to this for a second
How can students with the tuition they're paying afford?
cheating afford answer sheets
or wait
How can they afford not to cheat?
Yeah, it might be they can't repeat this course and it might be more time effective
Like if you just don't study but go to work, right? Okay. All right fair enough
I got it now complicating matters plagiarism and ai detectors are imperfect and the growing number of different ai models has
Dramatically increased the number of false positives and also negatives less technically sophisticated educators are prone to accepting these results
At face value including is this one? Yes. Okay. I'm happy this is in the dock infamously a texas college professor recently
accused all of his students
Of using I thought it was like half but anyways of using chat gpt to write their essays
Leading to over half of them being held back from graduation
The professor had not used an ai detection tool instead. He ran the essay through chat gpt
Which claimed it had written them
Because ai hallucination because it just like it was just like oh that seems neat. Yeah, sure right on like
Sure, it's not designed for that at all
I did that while a 100% ai generated essay is clearly cheating and I'm gonna paraphrase you for a second
We've seen a bunch of examples of this of teachers showing
Uh, like halfway through an essay it'll be like now
I'm not entirely sure it's certain about this because I am an ai generated model blah blah blah blah
And they catch people with that which is kind of hilarious. Um, they don't even read it. That's awesome. Okay brutal
Uh, while a 100% ai generated essay is clearly cheating more nuanced uses of ai like using a chatbot to help generate
Ideas and reword awkward sentences can and sometimes do get flagged by anti cheating software
The same may happen if a student simply writes in a highly predictable manner
reminiscent of ai
Yes, bruce. I am still happy with it
Don't worry about it. Sounds good. Uh, there's a discussion question
Should schools be responding to ai?
Also, why do porn bots still no good at the talk?
Yeah, okay
Have you noticed this? Have you been on youtube lately? Yeah, you see them in the comment section. No, you can't see anything
But pun intended them
like
Honestly, it's at the point now where again, I am asking you once again youtube
Do something like if if if a handful of people that just have asses in their profile pictures
But our real people end up getting shadow banned
That's a price i'm willing to pay at this point because we cannot just have
I I I sent my I sent my youtube rep just like a screen recording of scrolling through the comments on one of our videos
And literally 90 percent of the top comments within like an hour after it had been released
where these like
Come have tap to have sex with me like porn bots and i'm sitting here going these are
These are very easy to identify. I haven't seen any of the whatsapp scammers anymore. No, they've they've just shifted
So clearly youtube has the capability to ban every possible iteration of whatsapp from usernames
So do the same thing
Why does anyone need?
a luscious ass
In their profile picture
It's not necessary
What if the what if they're what if they're a hot tub youtuber?
What if that's literally part of their brand?
Then they'll be verified there done. Okay
Or they can what if they're on the
Or they can apply for an exception. I don't care figure it out
Figure it out should be a way to apply and figuring it out needs to involve just getting rid of this if you have to over correct
Over correct. It's ridiculous
Why do you have to
Why do you have to use the word luscious?
I thought it was good. I thought it was funny
And like yeah, it's it's bad though and they they sometimes I will say
Uh, they they and this should potentially even be easier to detect
But I guess there'd be a lot of false positives here as well
But they'll they'll copy other people's comments
And just post the same thing. Yeah. Yeah, I've seen that a lot. That's pretty common. Yep
Yeah, it's super like to me the biggest thing is just like and I understand this is easier to do with with
Human eyes and comprehension, but we'll see how long that lasts
Um
You scroll through and you see the user names and it's just like this is so obvious and like half
The fact that it will take many months to like pattern detect this stuff is just like what like the whatsapp ones like come on
Didn't uh, didn't theo joe make something for that. Yeah, what's up one?
Yeah, like better than youtube's this shouldn't take community efforts to solve this stuff
Like man, I don't know and it's frustrating because like on the one hand you've got google doing, you know
They're google io keynote all about yeah ai this and machine learning that and use it. I'm yeah
Turn it on. Yeah, what why can I still like this? This is why this is why you're you don't call hofman wong
Sorry
Who do you want to call?
hofman wong
Sorry, i'm not finding a match in your contacts. Tell me just the first name or feel free to use the screen
Feel free to use the screen. That's not a solution
I this is this is to say i've been ragging on google for a while for like
It's literally yeah
It's literally it's just hofman wong
It's it's not like he nicknamed it or anything like that. It's just hofman has two ends exactly that which is a legitimate spelling of hofman
yeah
And it's like
I'm sorry, I don't have a number for evan home
I understand you absolutely shouldn't have to do this. So i'm not using it to i'm not saying this to defend it
One thing i've done called james strybe
Sorry, who do you want to call?
james strybe
Sorry, no one in your contacts. Sorry. I'm not finding a match in your contacts. Tell me just the first name or feel free to use the screen
Feel free to use the screen. How about this? How about I only have one james in my address book call that one?
I
Nickname I put people's like an identifiable nickname that I will remember as people's first names and then their
First name is their middle name and their last name is their last name. That's a stupid work around. I shouldn't need
I agree the year is now present year
And that should be entirely unnecessary
Absolutely, it should have phonetic whatever cashed of everyone in my address book and it should just use that
because
Holy s***. How is it not already doing that? Yeah
And so I I don't even remember the other thing we were talking about that they were useless at
I was just saying like in general like the fact that they haven't
Applied this stuff to deal with comment moderation. Oh, yeah comment moderation. That was the one that like whole core concept
The fact that they haven't done that
You can extrapolate that into entirely why they're losing ground on like everything that they do. Yeah
They just they're just not shipping. They're not acting. They're just sitting
It doesn't work. It's frustrating people are gonna come steal your lunch
Anyways moving on
Imgur, Imigur
Imgur, I think I'd Imgur
Imgur, uh gif gif
I feel like it's one of those things last month
However, you say it announced a ban on nudity and sexual explicit content as well as old unused or inactive content
That is not tied to a user account
Um, also known as a bunch of things from Linus the the changes took place on May 15th time
It was not one time. It was not one time three times
Maybe more. I used to use uh sharex or what was the one I used before that? It was a similar tool push
I think it was yeah push push push super cool
Anyway, uh sharex was the one where I started uploading to Imgur
I think but I I used to use sharex to just anonymously upload anything that I would screenshot
Only if I screenshotted it with sharex like explicitly
Um, and then I would just get it would just automatically take the the the link to the file you copied and put it on your clipboard
so you could just quickly send things to people and
One time I send luke confidential information in a in an image thing
And he's he like freaks out. I'm like without the context. No one's even going to know how important that is. It doesn't matter
It shouldn't work that way. It shouldn't work that way
Anyway, so anything that someone like me ever uploaded. Yes carry on. Yeah. Yeah
Um
The changes of this stuff took place on May 15th
But it will likely take some time before all the images are deleted
The purge of old and anonymous content is likely to destroy
Countless images embedded on other sites across the internet including reddit. We're hosting on Imgur
Uh was the standard method of posting images from 2009 2016. That is true. Another thing. It's probably going to
Ravage is the count to 10,000 thread in the bronze section on the forum, which is sad
Oh, yeah, because there's tons of
Imager embedded images there. Yeah, that's a bummer that actually kind of sucks
Because it's kind of funny to go. Yeah broken broken image links in forums and stuff photo bucket
You see just like the the the skeletons of old photo bucket and it's like man
This would have been a really cool thing to actually be able to go through and read
It's almost like this isn't a viable business model and you're an idiot for doing it
Thanks vcs when they take big money from ad
Providers to put malvertising ads on their site, which they've done like a bunch of times at this point
Maybe they do make some money, but I don't know
They do show like if you see some picture or gift or whatever
There's a way on
Imager to see how much
Like how much data it has taken to serve this image and some of them are like, whoa
Like it's a gift that's been like
Hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of gigs worth of data transfer for this one gift
It's like, yep, that's rough
The administrators of something awful forum have taken on a more selective effort to back up every imager link
Embedded onto the forum during the last 14 years. Wow the forums. Uh, I don't think we're gonna do that
Yep, shawty not the forums owner who goes by jeffrey
Okay, uh has stated it's clear we need to host our own images websites promising that they'll host your images for free
Are never going to stop running out of money
It's nearly impossible to monetize a site like that a good deal of the modern internet is treated as transient and
Okay to delete whenever and that is a real shame if anyone is to ever look back on our society
They won't be able to understand it without understanding the internet
I'm
Yeah, that's gonna be true regardless notably the something awful forum has paid membership and more resources than many other websites
That makes sense. How do we retain the popular history of the internet? Are we doing enough? I don't think we can maybe some of it should just die
Interesting. Well, that's a hot take
Wow
Do go on
I don't think that everything no matter what
is worth saving. I do think
A massive volume of stuff is worth saving a huge percentage
But there is a bunch of like just transient stuff on the internet that does not need to be safe
We don't have to save every single thing that ever happens in the digital world
But are we gonna lose the stuff that was important and end up keeping garbage? That's that's a concern
Yeah, that's a big concern. That is a big concern
Oh
That's rough
Yeah, it's hard to say because like we were like we were talking with those photo bucket links, right? Yeah, like there's there's old threads
which like
it actually
Has pained me to come across them and be like, man
Like this was a big deal
I've probably been to this thread like a ton of times. Yeah, and now these photos just timed out and
This is basically useless and now that we don't actually write anything down physically
You know, let's say you were trying to do let's say you were trying to overclock an old cellar on 300 a
And all the images for which pins to jump or on the motherboard or whatever. We're on photo bucket or a non-account
Imager say right because that would be happening now
You'd lose that that's brutal like there is I'm not saying there isn't stuff that's worth
Save there's obviously oceans of stuff that's worth saving. Yeah, there's also a lot of
But like repair repair guides and stuff didn't used to be video
And there might be like you're talking with the old cellar on it
There might be old repair guides that like it's for something that very rarely breaks
Yeah, but you can't get new ones or for something
That's rare and very few people know how to deal with it
And there was that one resource that everyone leaned on in order to calibrate that crt or whatever it is right because for every
For every forum thread that you find when digging for something old where someone's like
Oh, I'm having issues with these things and then no one responds and they just reply. Oh, I fixed it and it's like
Oh, man, why don't you tell me how?
There's there's a bunch of other ones
where they do
And losing that because a ton of that information is in pictures
You're talking about like this bios screenshots. Whatever else it could be. There's there's lots of pictures on the internet
There's tons. There's tons of useful ones
Hey, thank god. We're still gonna have tiktok
As long as we don't live in minnesota or whichever state
Abandoned or something happy wag. So this would be a good reason to fund libraries. Well, there is so I I do agree
And there it's libraries are one of the libraries libraries are one of those things that are just kind of constantly changing
Constantly evolving. Yeah, and this might be one of the ways that they do that
Yeah, unfortunately the way they're evolving right now is not getting funded. So that's probably not going to happen
Yep, uh calturn
Sorry montana. Is that right? I don't know it was someone
Um calturn says convert the moon into a huge cloud server
The zero atmosphere would be excellent for cooling and there'd be plenty of room for all that data problem solved
Okay, there's a few issues with your suggestion
Uh number one
Okay, getting servers there very challenging the moon is actually above the cloud
Number two zero atmosphere is actually not good for cooling
The air is what takes the heat away
Um problem number three plenty of room. Actually, you're right. There is plenty of room. There's a lot of room. Yeah
Yeah, if you don't mind your server getting hit by like little asteroids and stuff. Yeah, so solid effort calturn
Um and no, well not just that right because without an atmosphere
There's a lot more radiation from the sun which is really really handy if you don't like having your data. Yeah
Because that radiation is just going to start flipping bits all over the place. Yeah, so what we could do I guess is uh
Build a moon base. Yeah. No. No. Well, it would have to be a mobile data center
It would have to be on like treads so that it could stay like on the dark side
Oh, there's still there's still a lot of just like passive radiating. Yeah
It's not a real solution luke. No. No. No, we're doing this. Why are you gonna pick a chart? We put trance on the moon and it just constantly
It just constantly rotates. No piercer at the server
Amazing. Okay float plane chat actually has this solved. We just put it underground on the moon
All right. Good call. Good call. Good call. We do we do all the cooling geothermally. We can dig with nukes
Right, we can nuke the moon. Is that what we're saying? I don't think that's a good idea
This is a reference to Elon Musk wanting to nuke mars for terraforming
We need to nuke everything we need we need to nuke mars. We need to nuke the moon
Pluto's too far if we send a nuke on the other side and hit it back
Come in closer. That's great. We can nuke. We can nuke pluto. Just nuke everything
Sponsors
Yeah, why don't we talk about that? That that would be good. Is denis back to do fund sponsor spots yet?
Unfortunately, no, that's fine. Why don't we tell you about our sponsor zoho one?
Do you own or manage a business let zoho one make your life easier?
How long does that guy get to be on vacation for you? It doesn't matter
A zoho one takes the essential elements of any business like accounting marketing and hr and combines them into one unified operating system
Build your own website from the ground up and maintain it with intuitive customization and personalization options
You can send out purchase orders create marketing campaigns manage shift scheduling
So you could tell if someone was going to be just like gone for three weeks or whatever
All in a few clicks you can track metrics and use data to make key decisions to increase revenue
And after you form the foundation of your business, it's time to start automating
You're ordering processes and never worrying about them again if you're working on the go
That's no problem. Zoho one includes mobile apps so you can run your business anywhere
So why wait increase your productivity and control your business with zoho one
You can follow the link in the description to try it for three for three for free for 30 days with no credit card required
The show is also brought to you by brilliant
Brilliant is a visually stimulating website designed to make learning stem topics fun
So why you have boring long lectures when you can have problem solving and interactive visuals?
They offer thousands of courses with new topics to learn every month like their everyday math course
You can use their service to supplement a college education or just to keep your brain active
Simply honing your ability to learn and think will translate into everyday aspects of life
This is like so true. I mean who doesn't want to be smarter
Which is is a thing like everyone has sort of like a ceiling
But that doesn't mean that you've achieved it yet
So, uh, yeah join the community of 11 million learners and educators today
Best of all the first 200 people who had to brilliant.org slash when we'll get 20 off an annual premium subscription
We're going to have that links down below. The show is also brought to you by kudos
Summer is right around the corner and wow really the average household is projected to spend
$2,644 on travel
Man, I gotta up my game. Um, if that's you you should use kudos a free shopping extension for your computer
And iphone that helps you get the most cash back from your credit cards when you shop online
The best thing about kudos is that you can double your rewards across 15,000 sites at stores like walmart levis hello fresh and many more
So let's say you usually earn 3% on hotel reservations via booking.com if you shop with kudos, you now get 6% back
Really? Okay
Doubles your rewards for free. So yeah save money use kudos
The average user saved over 750 dollars a year
We've got code wan to join kudos for free by clicking the link down below at join kudos.com slash wan
sick
To be clear because some people kind of missed it. That was not actually a commentary on the viability of various terraforming options. We're just
laughing about things, okay
Gotta be careful what you say around nerds speaking of laughing google releases new dot zip and dot m o v
top level domain
Yeah, um
That sucks a lot. Oh
Whoops. Sorry dan. Yes merge messages. No, wait. What he's moving all the signs around dan
Well, because you were off the rails. What are you doing over there? You didn't listen to the piece of paper. Okay. We'll do it. We'll do it
We'll talk about that later. Okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry
That's okay. I can follow you hit me with a merge message. Okay, uh, sure
Uh, let's see. What plane chat still talking about the stupid moon thing. They really are
I still think we should snow piercer the servers
Good evening l l and d. I've been watching servers with nukes. Can you stop?
Can you stop
Good evening l l and
I've been wanting to nuke the moon for the last stop. Oh, I'm not supposed to show that dashboard
It does it every time
I've been watching on float plane out. I was wondering if it mattered if I finish a video or use the like option
You still use the data for getting sponsors, etc. Nope. Nope. We sure don't it doesn't matter. We suck at um, no offense
You suck at collecting data from viewership
So the good news is that we aren't leveraging it in any way
Yeah, if you were worried that we're selling your data, you can rest assured. Nope
We are too utterly incompetent to do that
Took the words out of my mouth rough rough rough
I'm kidding. Um, the new ceo the the chief vision officer just brutalized me
He could it okay, it has not been a priority Linus has asked for it for a bunch of times and I just said no, um, there's the
There's more important things for us to work on it's true
There is there is certain amounts of that data where if you like actually wanted it
We could get it for you and it's like never been even worth
Going in grabbing. Yeah, it's like, I don't know usually I the way our conversations often go about things like this is I'll I'll come up with something
I'll be like, oh, hey could we is there any way for us to take, you know
everyone who's posted about their ltt merch on the forum and send them a
A coupon code for a month free of float plane and luke will be like
Technically that but and just by his tone. I'll be like forget it. I'm over it
Yeah, or he'll tell me oh, oh no one of his favorites is to tell me what project will be delayed by it
Yeah, well if you don't want, um, you know playback resume on the float plane site then
Yeah, we could have that for you in x amount of time. I'm like, I'm over it. That's that's like my favorite thing to say
I'm over it
I'm clearly not over it because I'm bringing it up now not that that that is a new idea
I'd never had that idea. That's a pretty good idea though. It's not a bad one
But I mean like you just said it would it would delay some other form. I'm over it. Yeah
And like yeah, it is possible
There's there's there's a very very very large amount of things that are possible when you have a bunch of developers and engineers on your side
Yeah, it's just like is it actually worth doing and are you considering the opportunity cost? Right? Yeah
Look at this guy all responsible opportunity cost
All right, here's another one
So which came first Linus planning on stepping down a ceo or luke getting promoted to cto or were they basically concurrent? No
Well, don't forget. Hold on. We've got the timeline a little mixed up first luke was demoted from ceo
Then he was repromoted to ceo or hired as ceo
Tio see. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. And and actually it's like only even sort of true because neither time was it actually real
I mean
So
He got the cto title
So he was hired as cto then he was fired as cto hired to a different company as the cto
C. Oh, oh, then hired back to linus media group as the cto. It doesn't matter the point is he's luke
Yeah, he wears this shirt. I just do stuff. He's adorable. Yeah. Uh, I like that. I like your shirt
I think so
What time is it? Is it getting is it getting to giddy hour? I think so. Okay. Okay. Oh, yeah, 840. That makes more sense
Um next merch message. What is this? Why can I get rid of it? Sure windows? What are you doing? I don't know
I'll give it a dan. See you later dan. Bye. Oh, sorry. How come I come back dan? No
Linus, are you anticipating? Oh, no, dan's gone. Oh Linus. Are you? Oh, he's gone anticipating
any
potential
I hate it
This is so much fun, uh, okay, we're uh being professional is hard. Um, are you anticipating in the porn industry?
That's even more important Linus
I
Should have waited for him to take the drink. Why did I wait?
That's going away for now. I think this is a dangerous time
Okay, I can't do this
Linus, are you anticipating any potential turnover? Hope not as a result of the ceo change
Can you give a scenario or explain when you or avan would override a decision by the new ceo?
Oh, wow, you're getting into the big like ceo Q&A. Okay. I am planning a float plane stream about this sometime in the next little bit
Um, so I'm not going to avoid every question about this
But I'm also not going to be able to address every question you guys have about this now because I kind of want to
I kind of want to be in the right headspace for that
But I will tell you that I am not expecting really any turnover
Honestly, the reception to the move internally has been really positive
I think the people that know me well
Uh, probably knew that
Whether this was coming or not. I needed this at some point. Um, and the people who didn't know me well
What difference does it make? I don't know
Well, and there's also like I think a lot of people especially internally recognize that
Uh, people only have a certain amount of hours on day and having you do the thing that you're best at probably makes sense
Like it's pretty logical when you break it down. Yeah, I think so
You
Sure, I lost count. Yeah, we got a lot. Uh, how you do it over there?
It's fine. We are not going to be able to do them all today guys. Absolutely not. I'm so sorry
Picking up lab shirts because those are freaking awesome. Oh my god. Don't forget to get a water bottle while you're at
Oh, man, I should leak an upcoming water bottle design
I feel like that might be under the the vision, you know, yeah
I had a vision of a water bottle. Yep. Um, so it's it's just like brown or black. I think are the two colors
and
It just has like a white stripe down the side with like the v's or the o's or whatever and it's a big capacitor
Oh my god, I would buy that immediately. That is excellent. That's kind of sick 10 out of 10. Yeah, could you uh vision officer?
Yeah, very good sweeping changes. I'm so excited
So sweeping changes is the new water bottle design
I would love one that had like the bottom blown out and so it didn't like sit on the table like it's a burst cap
Oh
I mean, okay, you could just do that yourself though. All right. Yeah
Yeah, or or or you could not screw the lid on properly and then it's a leaky cap
Yeah
Perfect idea get it because it's a leaky cap too man so many meanies
Dad joke king
Inception of water ball over here
All right. Okay. Here's another one. Uh
Oh man float float plane chat. So no, no, no, you should put gatorade in it. Then it's electrolytic capacitor
If you put tin foil in it, it's a foil capacitor
Wow
Endless
Okay
Hey ldl, uh, given the cards like the 30 90 and 40 90 exist with more view. Hold on. I'm not done yet
I'm not done yet. Everything dan said no cap
That one hurts
Okay, right that's stomach. We can actually do another one now. I'm sorry
Given the cards like the 30 90 and 40 90 exist with more v-ram than most systems have d-ram
Is it possible to run an os on a gpu?
To my knowledge, no
Yeah
However with that said, I mean if you okay, hold on a second
Something something rebar direct storage something. So I I actually don't I actually don't think so though
Um, I mean nothing would prevent you from using someone in float plane chat is very passionate about saying that it is
It that it is possible
And they have a link and they're spamming the link
Okay, all right, let's see
Linux in a pixel shader
A risk
Cr chat. Oh, yeah, uh shader tech is nuts. It's just nuts
Whoa
Okay
Fine
Apparently yes
I I just want to say that
Katra the person who posted this
was
On it like I don't know this this must have been like
Literally the tab that they had open at the time like I feel like we were on a side monitor
Yeah, and they were reading this because they were like it is it's possible and then the link's there all like boom boom boom boom boom
That was that was wild. Thank you for the the speedy uh response
Okay, enderman apparently managed to get windows 10 in VRAM and used it as a boot disk
That's not really the same as like
Running it as your system memory though
So I don't know
Okay. All right. Good job
Um
That was that was impressive. Are we supposed to do more topics now?
I yeah, I think so. Okay, google new dot zip and dot mov domain extensions
Google released eight new internet domain extensions most have been uncontroversial
But two are being criticized to their for their similarity to existing file extensions
Dot zip and dot mov in case you were wondering which ones they were
Uh, the concern is that users especially less technically savvy users
Maybe maliciously uh tricked into clicking on a web link. They think is a file and vice versa
I think even fairly technically savvy people are going to get owned by this because like
Unless you read the whole domain, it's not necessarily all that obvious
I think google's justification for this tld is
phenomenally stupid. What is it?
I'm trying to find it
Um, it's like this is going to be a problem 100% dot mov
I'm having a hard time finding it. It's not in our it's not in our links here
Man, how are you even gonna like look at this? How are you even gonna search for anything google dot mov
Justification what like what even is any of this? This is nothing
This is ridiculous
Yeah, if anyone has a link that talked about it was something to do with like dot mov was supposed to be for like
Like the moving moving pictures or movement and dynamism or something like that. It was just it was just
Stupid
And I just couldn't
Uh, I'm trying to find the like I'm trying to find the example because it's not just
There it is boom. Okay, uh my laptop do it. Here we go. This is the issue
So you see github.com, right? So most people
Uh, most current internet users are gonna read this and be like, okay
This is the website that I'm going to it's github.com and then these are the pages that it's jumping through, right?
So the dot zip at the end here traditionally would just be a file
Right, so
Theoretically you jumped through these various pages and then you clicked on a file and you could share this link to someone
And if they clicked on the link, it would just download it. It wouldn't actually direct them to the page, right?
That's how that's how things have have worked for a long time
The problem is now because of this at character as far as my understanding goes and someone might
Correct me on this, but because of that little I've highlighted it here. Yeah, because of that little character
That means what you're actually going to
Is just this
Oh, so you're going to one dot zip
Uh-oh
Yeah
Big oh
So like
I haven't seen things like this personally, but like that's that's
That's rough now. So like you everyone's going to have to like sniff their freaking
URLs for this little at symbol
And like that's
That's this is why I'm saying like the whole technically savvy thing doesn't even really fully apply because I don't know pretty much
Anyone that looks for that right now
So unless you're you'd have to be technically savvy and also paying attention to the news which doesn't necessarily
Coincide with each other now. Do you want to hear why they did it according to ars Technica? Sure
Google marketers say the aim is to designate tying things together or moving really fast
And moving pictures and whatever moves you respectively
For dot zip and dot. I'm it's frustrating because I don't f***ing stupid. I go after google on this show for just not doing things
But then the second that they do something
I'm always just like, oh
I'm always just like, how did no one look at this?
Like it's either they move like no one saw this and we did it
Or
They never do anything like there has to be an in-between. How did no one see this as a problem?
You can't just release dot zip domains like
I don't
This is so frustrating because like I can absolutely see someone at this company getting tricked by this
You know what and then like it would be really hard to
The dumbest part is that they know
Obviously about the association
Why would anyone other than a highly technical person tying things together dot zip has anything to do with
togethering anything
yeah
And dot mov really moving pictures
Is this just an f you to apple like what was the point of this?
Really
Okay, I don't really have anything else to say about that
Really?
Okay, yeah, and like I need to read on this more and I'm sure there's some like weird nuances and stuff
But people are going to go owned
This is going to be a problem. This is going to be a cyber security problem
A bunch of different it teams around the world are going to have to educate their users on
checking for at symbols because like it it means
Something about URLs are so long. It's not even practical, especially with the way that browsers abstract the url these days
Like it's and trackers and all this other type of stuff like and you're gonna have to hunt for this little at symbol because
And you'll have to hunt for it in like a mouse over like
pop-up
Hyperlink freaking what what are they called tooltip?
You have to hunt for it in like a tooltip or something because the text doesn't necessarily match the hyperlink
Remember the old days of the web that domain. Yeah, honestly. I bet you a massive amount of companies
They're just going to block these domains anyways, which means they're going to be stupid and useless. Sorry
Oh, yeah, we should do that. Yeah, we definitely. Yeah, I was going to say the old days of the web before you actually had
Hyperlink schedule me a message
What you need I need we need to block dot zip and dot mov from ever being accessed
Like it was maybe maybe it was possible. I don't know. I was a kid
But pretty much any link was the actual like full url
You didn't just have hyperlinks that you would click on all like some other text or whatever. Yeah, like so
This I guess might be this would have been fine
Maybe then when it was normal for browsers to display full URLs and for the text to contain a full url
And then honestly training everyone to look for those at symbols is weird because like and and as far as I know that
That's already been a thing because it means what's before the at symbol is your username, but
But I do think that if people saw dot zip at the end of it and they weren't expecting to be downloading a file
That would be something that they would sniff out easier and because the dot zip is at the very end
You look at like the beginning and you look at the end and you kind of know what's going on
Now being able to just slap this at symbol somewhere in the chain. Yeah, and then it's like oh man. Yeah, I hate it
All right, let's jump into toyota exposing a real-time location data of two
million drivers
Two million drivers toyota has disclosed that it accidentally left the real-time and historical car location data
Of over two million japanese customers exposed for get this nearly 10 years
According to toyota the cause was a misconfigured database in late 2013
Which was set to public instead of private and it could be accessed without any password or credentials
There's no current evidence that anyone outside toyota discovered and accessed at the database. That is completely
meaningless unless they have like logs running and stuff which they might not because apparently they set their database to
public anyway, so yeah
That's a very interesting way of saying that
I mean, no, it's it's not completely meaningless if if the data showed up on the dark web or something
That would be evidence that someone looks for it. Well
That's my issue with this statement. Is it completely relies on them doing something
I think a leak this big would have
Would have someone else would be talking. I think someone else would have talked about it. They may actually have dodged a bullet here
Boy, was it a big bullet though? That's not even a bullet anymore. That's like
That's a planet nuke. Yeah, nuke you and your nuke son
You know what forget it. I'm tired. I resigned as CEO
Ha
Toyota discovered the error in april and has promised to audit and improve their cloud security
This is the third security mishap. They've disclosed in the last 15 months
Things happen, but that's a pretty bad thing to happen
A watchdog says that roblox doesn't protect kids from irresponsible after
Really roblox doesn't protect kids from irresponsible advertising
I thought roblox had kids best interests at heart
This is like those scientific studies you find
When they're like we have found through rigorous study and years of research that not going running
Makes it so that you will run slower over time. It's like oh thanks. It's like come on
Geez, this feels like one of those like I don't actually a lie
Over a long enough period of time you will definitely run infinitely slower
Just
Yeah
Oh boy, um, but yeah, like I I can't I can't imagine that anyone was like, uh, yes
I believe roblox is the absolute best arbiter of like
Not exposing children to bad things. Um, like like
What was it got people confused about that because over a long enough period of time eventually you'll be dead and you're running
You won't be able to run anymore. Yeah. Yeah
Um, there was something about like kim kardashian finding that that special video of hers
Her her kid like saw it on roblox or something. I don't remember if that's like 100 true or not
But I remember reading something about that. Um, which is rough
Karu karu
Caru a children's advertising watchdog has released the results of an investigation that found roblox has widespread issues with
Advertising targeted at children under 13 according to karu, which I'm going to call it now
I don't know if that's what it is
Roblox does little to ensure that influencers on its platform disclose product endorsements and affiliate commissions in a way that children can actually
Understand, I mean, I can tell you right now based on the limited understanding that adults have of sponsorships and
Affiliated and how all these things work
Kids almost certainly have absolutely no idea that they're being marketed to yeah
Uh further roblox's user created games often fail to disclose advertiser content
This is not the first time roblox has been criticized over its permissive attitude towards ads targeting children a different watchdog
Truth in advertising made a complaint to the fdc over the same issue in april 2022
Parents groups and investigative journalists have likewise criticized roblox as a haven for fishing scams and other financial crimes
Targeting kids again a lot of them have credit cards attached
There are payments in the game right you can buy robux or whatever they're called
In response to the fdc complaint roblox has recently announced a new advertisement policy
Which will require developers to identify advertiser content in games directed at children
The company has likewise agreed to caroos, caroos, whatever
Uh recommendation that they require influencers to use the word paid in ad disclosures
I actually don't think kids that play roblox that I can't even read and I don't think paid is actually necessarily the best ad disclosure
Why not ad or am I not sponsored? That's what everyone literally everyone else uses
Um like it's paid a common hashtag for sponsored content
Am I missing something here?
Whoa six of three in float plane chat says I have a friend whose kid has a $100 per month roblox allowance
Why that sounds like a mistake. I'm not gonna tell you I parent your kid. I don't even have one, but that sounds like a mistake
Yeah, it sounds like training them to have bad habits like actively
Okay, devil's advocate. They're budgeting at least
It's a fixed budget
But it's a fixed budget of a lot of blowing
A lot of fixed budget on roblox
Uh, yeah, I don't really like that so much. Um
Yeah
Everything I hear about roblox is just like bad
Like I you hear you hear about like the massive take they have from their their uh
Content designers slash developers because there's people that like make games in roblox, but there's also people that make
Um like visual equipment. I don't know what you'd call it avatar stuff cosmetics cosmetics. There we go. Got there got there eventually
Yeah, yeah, yeah
um
So I yeah, I don't know
$100 of robux
Is a lot of robux. Yeah, that that's the thing that's getting me
Is like maybe if it was like a relative maybe if it was at an amount where they might have to save up for things
Yeah, that's probably the but I play I can and like I'm sure there's some stupid
One of three rare hat or something that's way more than a hundred dollars
But like I can't imagine there's a lot that they actually have to save for when their allowance is
More than like I spent on games a month
Like yeah, and like luke wastes money on games. He bought this stupid fucking game slap shot rebound the other day
Is it free? It's a free game
We we were actually looking at a different hockey game and picked the free one. Yeah, it's pretty fun. It is actually pretty fun
It's very hard. We're both terrible. Yeah, it's really really hard
Yeah, we man. We've actually played like a few hours of slap shot rebound in the last like few days
I kind of wish we had footage of when we started compared to now
Because I've seen both of us do like actual combinations and like plays and stuff now at the beginning
we'd just like
Slide towards the puck and rotate the wrong way every single time all this garbage
Yeah, luke has no idea how expensive things are in robux
That is true because I have never played and I deeply don't care or want even to know but
You don't need to buy those
Like I don't know come on. Yeah, just because something is there doesn't mean it needs to be purchased
Um
Yeah, our discussion here is to what extent is the cavalier attitude towards advertising to children unique to roblox
Uh, I don't even think it is like I think we had this conversation a little while ago where I was talking about taking my kids to the arcade
And just realizing how much
gambling conditioning was going on just training these kids to
Put thing into thing and big flashy lights come out and they get a prize
That's worth a fraction of the money that they put in
Mark robert did a really great video on how
games of skill at arcades just like on the carnival midway are
Not actually games of skill at all and are just completely games of chance and designed to steal your money
It is it is amazing to me that that is allowed to exist. It is actual children doing actual gambling
Yeah, I we talked about this on wancho too before about how like sports betting
Is such an endorsed thing now where it was like a hush hush don't talk about it
Yeah, when I was growing up and now it's like the main advertisers for
these places at all
um
And it's it's kind of weird driving around here even
And it's like the casinos just seem to be getting
bigger
Uh kryptonite says it's not gambling if the game is rigged. No, it is gambling if the game is rigged
At least if it's a game of skill
it's
Not a gamble
almost every
Way to gamble is rigged
well
It's not always house. Oh, okay. Okay, but the scales are definitely
leaned on
Um, what is the definition of rigged? So like you are to lose without expecting you are to lose
Rigged means that no matter what you do the outcome is ultimately up to the machine
So something like a slot a slot machine is rigged
It will only ever pay out based on
profit margins
What it's what it's supposed to do but like roulette there's too much chance involved
So even though the house is going to win over time the odds favor the house
But there's actual odds whereas a the the fact that anybody puts money into a digital slot machine wild
At least if it was a mechanical like an analog slot machine, you know why they want digital slot machines guys
Hello
Easier to control the outcome. Hello. Yeah, um, but an actual they still they still to be clear with mechanical ones
They still control the outcome. Yes, but it's a lot easier when it's digital. Yes
Um, so so the the example in the one that I watched
He proved that that one where the light goes around the thing and you have to press the button
Oh, it's not a game of skill. Oh, you can actually change the programming in the game
He found the manual he dug up the manual somewhere and you can just dial in how much you want it to pay out in tickets
That's annoying. Yeah, because I always felt like no, I was pretty sure I got it
And so he made a thing that within point zero one milliseconds or within one millisecond would press it at exactly the right time
he made a robot and
It would just it would just make it go past
Yeah, it was like no more accurate than if they just hit it themselves because at the end of the day
It was not about how accurate you were. It was just about how much it wants to pay out. That's so frustrating. Yeah
Someone says a slot machines apparently have payout requirements and are in fact random. So great. Why aren't we regulating?
Children's games the same way
It's it's wild to me. Also, man, I don't know
I don't know with how with how much skis there is in the in the casino industry
I'll believe it when I see it. I'll believe that I'll believe that a slot machine is actually working exactly as it's supposed to be
I'll believe whoever was supposed to check it didn't get a payout for sure when I see it. I don't know man
I just I'm not much of a tinfoil hat conspiracy theorist kind of person in general
But when there's that much money moving around
I'm sorry. I'm just not going to put my money in the slot machine. It's not going to happen
Yep
It's so boring too. I don't understand
That's that's like a preferential thing. I guess but like wow
Yeah, if you want to throw throw away money to like see flashing lights and stuff just play peggle
Yeah, um
Valve finally big enough to be sued by immersion
Immersion corporation has launched a patent lawsuit against valve over the steam deck's touchscreen and rumble feature
Immersion began developing touchscreen and haptic feedback technology in the 90s
But since the 2000s has primarily become known for its many lawsuits
In 2002 microsoft opted to buy 10 of immersion rather than fight their suit
While sony had to pay immersion millions after losing a suit over the vibration feature of their controllers
Apple, google, motorola and fitbit have all settled with immersion while meta is currently in litigation
The steam deck notably doesn't use the same rumble technology that sony lost over erm actuators
One of the few major gaming companies that hasn't been sued by immersion is nintendo whose rumble pack technology
predates immersion's patent which
Raises questions like how did immersion get a patent on it?
But anyway immersion did not sue valve over the steam controller
Though this is most likely a reflection of valve's growing popularity and success
Um discussion question should valve take this as a compliment
I mean, I guess that's one way of looking at it
I'm sure they would rather just not have to deal with this lawsuit from a patent troll
So frustrating how much innovation gets squashed by this crap
Hate it
What I don't hate is announcing the ocbase slash occt 20th stableversary
Hey
It's a stability testing software that's been around for a while. They're celebrating their 20th anniversary dubbed a stableversary
They've revamped their site and software and to celebrate they're hosting a giveaway with total pricing valued at 10,000 us dollars
You can win all-in-one coolers cases motherboards fans racing sim equipment occt licenses and a gpu and ltt store is sponsoring
Some of the prizes for the giveaway with screwdrivers tech sacks and backpacks
Go to ocbase.com slash stableversary to enter the giveaway
And I think that's pretty much it for the topics this week. We had a couple other things
We were kind of thinking of talking about oh the asus router issue
So that was bad
Uh asus what pushed like a firmware update or something like that that basically knocked every asus router offline
Yeah, a security update as far as I know. I didn't dive super deeply into it. But yeah sick. Yep. Uh, there's some like nerd drama
Um
Between nerds. Yep. Um, you know what? I don't know a lot of this. I don't feel like talking about that. I'll talk very
Shortly about the overwatch 2 thing. Um, oh, yeah, so
What's up with that you what you just promise a campaign and then just never deliver it
What you just you know promised halo co-op and then just don't ship it or what like I just who do they think they are
Sorry, but what we're talking about is annoyingly common
Jeff Kaplan the
Pretty fantastic video game designer. Hopefully hasn't done terrible things. I don't know whatever
Um, Jeff Kaplan announced the single player
Um, basically everything Jeff Kaplan worked on was like awesome. Um, so people were really excited
Have you clarified that this is for overwatch 2? Yeah. Oh, okay. Maybe not. I don't know
Yeah, he announced it announced single player stuff and like hero mode and all this other type of stuff going on
With overwatch 2 and they have effectively announced recently that it's a lot of work working on single player and multiplayer
And they're just going to keep working on single or multiplayer. Sorry
Hero mode's not coming etc. Etc. I don't play overwatch
So there might be some elements of it that got partially there
I don't know. I haven't dove far enough into this story
But I know a lot of the things that people were excited about
They're not coming and Jeff isn't there anymore
So he can't make it happen and that was one of the reasons why it was nice
When he was around was because he would kind of make those types of things happen. So
I had a bunch of interest in overwatch 2 because it was supposed to have co-op
And this is something that lioness and I have talked a decent amount recently
Where it's like you look at the games that are killing it recently
They're all single player games
Basically the ones that I can think of and yet the games industry doesn't want to build single player experiences. No
They're like, oh, we're gonna make a bunch of games as a service
We're gonna make all these other things
Yeah, we want to make a game that you literally play with 100 of your time for the rest of your life one game
I don't want that. No, I want to play tiers of the kingdom and then have tiers of the kingdom be over
And I want to play something else
I don't want tiers of the kingdom to be slightly different if I log out for six months and log back in
And it's like exciting when you do that because then when the next one comes out, you're like, oh cool
I get to go through a similar experience again. This is one of the reasons why I like
Uh getting people to play the titanfall 2 campaign because it's like six to eight hours
Okay, I really do still need to do that
But like I wasn't even trying to rag on you for that, but it's just like it's it's a good
Like I beat it and then the next night I beat it again
Because I played it on the hardest difficulty
What a chat because I was like this game is worth going through again
Right and it was kind of too easy on the on the lower one. So I wanted to amp it up. But humble brag
It's actually like the the other people have commented as well. They're like regular difficulty is kind of too easy
Got it
But it's it's a fantastic game and one of the reasons why it's so good
Is because they'll introduce a new fun idea
And then before you're tired of it, they take it away and they give you a new one
They're like, oh, you're not quite done with this. Okay. Well, it doesn't matter. This is mine now
You get this other thing and it's it's fun and you get to the end of the game
You're like, wow, that was cool for all its faults
It takes two did a pretty good job of mixing up the gameplay
Mechanics, uh, it was really simplistic because it was kind of designed for relatively casual players
So I didn't really have a ton of fun with it. But
I played through it and it's one of probably only
Half a dozen games that I've actually played through start to finish over the last few years just because life is busy
And that that really is reflective of how few of these types of experiences are out there
And so I can see why people were so hungry for Overwatch 2. I mean part of it too is to Blizzard's credit
They've done a pretty good job of creating characters out of these classes
Um, I think it makes sense to have a single player for it. Yeah, it kind of does
But I mean, I don't know should we criticize valve for never doing a campaign with the team fortress 2 universe?
Like I don't know probably it would have been sick. Yeah, like I don't know
I mean, what where's an rts? Yeah, where's it?
Anything I I talked to people about this team fortress 2 rts
That'd be awesome. If you make a game that isn't trash and it has co-op. I will buy it
Like I just
There's like
No options. There's practically nothing that comes out and this is not just true for me
I I will sometimes see when we're talking about something and we're like, ah, we're not going to do that
It's not a very good idea and you'll see some people in float playing chat be like, I'll buy it and it's like, yeah
Or I'll watch that thing or whatever right like I'll watch that video and it's like, yeah
But we're we're competing against the algorithm
We have to find something that like a huge percentage of people are going to watch not not a hardcore niche
Co-op is not a hardcore niche
Everyone I know that plays games literally everyone wants co-op experiences
Maybe not to play with me
But to play with somebody whether it's their partner or just another friend that they like playing games with or whatever and there's like
So few of them
Yeah, someone in float playing chat michael's like portal 2 is another good single player game. It's like, yeah, but how long ago was portal 2?
Yeah, you're not wrong like we're not we're we're we're not angry
With you we're angry with the situation the fact that I still recommend people go back and play portal 2
As a co-op game is crazy because there aren't a ton of like better newer alternatives
Like what the heck and people will look at games like you know all the sassan's creed games used to have like competitive multiplayer
Yeah
why
And like no one ever cared because why would you far cry
Had competitive multiplayer or something like that. Why and then modern far cry has co-op
But just like a bunch of other co-op games the co-op implementation
Is like so whack
Why can't you just start a new game together like uh, joe and I were playing a game called Returnal
But you you have to like join the other person's thing. So the person that joins in doesn't get the progress
It's only the server host
It's like why why are you punishing people for wanting to play games together?
Stop having weird limitations of when you can play or not because there's like oh you can play far cry
But you can only join for one mission
It's like what so my friend happens to be playing a game and I'm gonna be like
Hey, you want to stop what you're doing and come play with me in far cry for one mission
And then screw off because you can't keep playing. I don't think I think that was one version of far cry
I think in far cry later you can keep playing the whole time
But it's just like why are there these weird like just it's it's just like trendiness, right? Like uh
You you brought up games that unnecessarily had multiplayer one that blew me away was first encounter assault recon
Do you remember that game? No fear. Oh, yeah, okay. Okay. So it had multiplayer
I had no idea that games whole shtick was the bullet time thing which
Obviously isn't gonna work in multiplayer. So it was just a super generic shooter
And the atmosphere like the it's got it. Okay. That's one that I would strongly recommend if you haven't played fear go play it
Um, I don't know if any of the other ones were good. I think I might have played fear 2
I didn't play fear 3 although I heard that one was good and I have no idea about fear 4
Um, if there is a fear 4 even is there a fear 4 fear 3, you know, it doesn't matter the point is I played the first one
I really enjoyed it. Um, but yeah, it didn't need multiplayer
Why can't you just make the make one good thing?
And then someone in the chat tagged me and said call of duty zombies
I know a lot of people play zombies. I find it very repetitive and boring
It's a preference thing whatever what I don't understand is why can't you play the campaign together?
There's other soldiers with you pretty much the whole time
Like what do you mean? There's no
Ah man, and like it's so difficult to make good multiplayer games and especially when you make them competitive
There's all this like uh hit registration issues and netcode problems and all this like crazy not supposed to hit each other than whatever
Who cares? Yeah the the level of like what you have to get to is so much lower for a co-op experience
It should be so much easier. It feels it feels like people are like no, no
This is a single-player game. You don't get to have my single-player game. It's like, what do you do? Why?
Like come on. I don't know destiny 2 is a good co-op game destiny 2 is an mmo
And on that new co-op has co-op missions, but it's not the whole game. It's not the whole game. No, no
I know that's not okay. No, we can't do that. The new co-op has co-op missions
Sure, but it's not the storyline game. They're canned experiences and they're like weird like speedrun things
Borderlands is so boring
It's just ah
It's diablo
It's just diablo. It's first-person diablo. I just the amount of just like looting garbage
just
I liked the first one and then they kept releasing it and I was like, this is the same game with a new map
Which is okay sometimes
But yeah, but it's people are talking deep rock galactic. We tried to play deep rock galactic
I think we just weren't like into it enough. It was pretty deep. What about portal 2 then? Okay. Good counter argument
except
Portal 2 is a is a new whole campaign basically
The co-op is a new whole campaign
Which is great because if you played the single player by yourself and then wanted to play co-op with a friend
Now it's new puzzles. Yeah, that's fantastic. The cod if you haven't done it the cod co-op missions
is not a campaign
It's just it's like playing
Uh, if you are an older gamer, it's like playing red alert or starcraft on like scenario mode
You just like load into a map
And you go, but it's like it's better than literally nothing
But it's still bad
It's still really bad and I was honestly very frustrated because I heard I heard that
Uh, it it had co-op and I was really excited about it
And then I was so deeply disappointed with what the co-op was
because as like
As like hyper generic as cod campaigns are
my like
Gushy goblin meat brain still enjoys them. So being able to play them in co-op would be fun, but they're just like no
You can't do that
Anyways, sorry, I'll stop ranting time for when show after dark. Shall we do some merch messages? Yeah, we are seriously
Not going to be able to get to all in this week. I'm sorry guys
Uh, there's really a lot and thank you for that. That's awesome. Um
Maybe we could go a little less dark than we have been people are complaining on lmg clips. Yeah, I think that's pretty good. Yeah
When show after dark
When well, it's a little dark when show after
twilight
Still a still a better show than twilight. I gotta swap over the banner
There we go when after dark nice gotta love those nice little touches
Good touch. Um
Another thing too is like not only are we probably not going to be able to get to all these but
A huge percentage of these are just going to be questions about like the new leadership
Oh, yeah, which I'll do a little bit, but um, probably not everything. We don't necessarily want to grind on that the whole night. Yeah
We have other things to grind on the whole night
Uh
Hey, let's stand
Oh
Sure, uh, if you're not handling, uh, sorry if you're not handing over any equity
How do you get taren to leave intel who i'm guessing offered large stock options?
Uh, well taren wasn't at intel. Uh, he was at del
Um as for the compensation of any linus media group employee, I don't think that's something that i'm going to be
Uh, discussing
You know, obviously we had to come up with a total compensation package of some sort that made sense for him and um
And he's happy with it and we're happy with it. And that's how that's how we're moving forward. I mean, there's there's
So many different ways to skin the cat when it comes to compensation when it comes to I shouldn't say compensation when it comes to
total job satisfaction, right like, um
I don't know. It's really it's really funny. I saw some I saw a post
Just a while back somewhere or something and like the way linus talks about hiring passionate people
Sounds like those toxic employers that think that offering, uh, uh, a better work environment is a good substitute for more pay
and I was like
Yeah, I guess I am that kind of toxic person
Because believe it or not offering a better work environment actually does cost money
um
And actually does result in better happiness
Then necessarily just throwing money at the onto a paycheck
Um, especially past a certain point like I would say if you're at you know, barely above poverty level
Like if you're not if you're not making enough then yeah, you'd probably rather just have the money
But I think this is gonna get misquoted. I mean probably just just yeah
But yes, I do think there is a value to having a a positive
What what he's saying is there's a value to it
Not that he like pays people less actively because of it. Well, yeah, he doesn't go like oh you guys have snacks
Therefore i'm paying you five dollars less. Oh, no, that's not how that works. I know. Oh, okay
But my point is yes, I do think there's a value in you know the like it's literally
Half of your waking hours
five days a week
Right, like there's there's value in you know
Creating a positive culture where people actually don't mind being there
And if you are the type of person who looks at that and goes no
I'd rather have my extra 83 cents an hour and be miserable all day than i'm so glad you're not here
Thank god, you're not here
Um, because you sound awful
Anyway, this is so gonna be misquoted
But I don't like disagree with what is the the baseline of what is being said
So yeah, reddit can be mad about it. I don't care. It doesn't matter
Go go go beat go there. Please
There's so many things that it's gonna be so interesting to just even just mentally ask myself like what will Taren think
Top view 12 24 says it's not 83 cents. It's like 10 to 12 dollars an hour
That is a number you completely pulled out of your ass. Wait, what is it? What?
I said the the difference it would be like however much I have pulled an arbitrary snacks
No, not for snacks just the difference between working in a toxic workplace and working in one that is like good to work at
Yeah
You don't know that
I'm going to need training from the ceo on like when to stop aligning us
This is just not gonna go well
Okay, cool. Uh next time
Linus is there any project that you're especially excited to be able to focus on now that you will have more time loving the content
Yeah, I mean, I'm really excited to focus on how we can
You know really find the right balance between making this a good place to work and compensating people fairly
This man's an expert. I knew that would happen
Now mention the nukes come on. We have a we have a
Nuke the compensation package benefit of working here is if you're not a non-camera employee
You get to spend a significant portion of your time working in the nuke manufacturing plant
Um, that's it's under the lab. It's physically under the lab. We build another ground
The lab opens like this and then it can and then yeah, it's great. Um
Yeah, now who's leaking stuff? Um
Like all the nuclear waste. Oh man. Wow people like really don't understand this
This is wild. Yeah, I I uh, yeah
I uh, I know I'm I'm feeling the same luke
Huh
Okay, I knew this was gonna happen because the way the way uh, there's every once in a while
You'll word something in a way that is like
Not wrong
But very easily misinterpreted if they don't have the context for it
Which is everyone's gonna do that. I'm not singling you out. I'm sure I do it too, but it's just like I just don't get it
Like do they actually
In their heart of hearts
Believe that when we added snacks, we subtracted that from our payroll budget
Do you actually think that I am certain some companies effectively do well?
Yeah, sure, but like those guys. Yeah, but but but that I think that might be the component that's missing
Which that's not my problem. No, I understand. I understand. I understand. I understand
I'm just saying when it was happening. I was like, this is gonna be bad. I wasn't saying you were saying anything wrong
I just knew it was gonna be bad
Uh
By the way, you have a new official nickname, uh, luke nukem luke nuke nice courtesy of float plane chat. I love it
Oh, man
All right, next up. Yeah, oh wait. No, no, no, it's the same one. Yeah, what do I want to uh, what do I want to focus on?
um, oh boy
By the way, your girlfriend sounds very savvy jacob w
So
What is this show?
Let him wear the clothes spend as much money as you want on lttstore.com
Oh, man more labs and writing team integration. That's what I want to see more of I think I kind of talked about that earlier on the show
Okay, we can do another one
Okay. Hey dll a few weeks ago. I lost my lanyard and ube key somewhere and was not able to find it
Luckily, I have a backup. What was the most costly thing you have misplaced or lost?
Oh, I lost like a $400 pocket pc back when I was running my painting company. I I went to uh, an ice rink
Um to watch something. I don't know. I was with yvonne. This is like very early in our relationship
and um
I realized after I left
That it had fallen out of my pocket in the bleachers
Uh, which is one of the reasons that so many of the pants on lttstore have zipper pockets
because that's
personally burned me multiple times in the past. Yep, and um, did I tell you that the ice rink was in suri?
I don't think so. So what are the odds I got it back? Yeah
Yeah, cool. Yep. Um, so yeah, I went back very quickly afterward. No, it's gone. Yeah
So yeah, that was and part of it is that I don't know. Maybe I've lost something more
Since then but that was back in like 2005 impact. Uh, and I did not have money. I was a student, right? So
Like if I lost $500 today a that's a lot less money than it used to be and b I could absorb that
Very easily compared to when I was a student. Um
Yeah, it was pretty rough. I was not happy
Mine
You know how much money I spend on
Clothes or how often I go shopping back in my dating era
Um, I purchased a jacket. It was a danier leather jacket. It's actually quite nice
Um, it was my favorite model that they had and then when I went and pulled it off the rack
I saw the the model name was luke, which was kind of cool
Um, and it like fit perfectly. You sure it wasn't chad
It sounds like a pretty chad moment. It had one of those, uh, the like sweater hoods
Cool. Okay. And like the style just really suited me really well on stuff. And then I guess one day, uh
Back when I used to live in the basin suite of the house office. I must have left my car unlocked
And it got jacked
And I I was like actually really sad because there's very few
Clothing items that I like. Yeah, people like luke spent money. Yeah. Yeah, there's very few clothing items that I've actually like
Spent money on and we're like really good. How are we this similar in like weird ways? Um
The the story I didn't tell is my second year at ces
Uh to look somewhat presentable. I um, I treated myself to uh,
uh, it was probably about
400 to $450. Have I told you this story? No, I just know the I know it. Yeah, so so uh an expensive like wool jacket
Yeah, um, it was super nice. Um, and I left it in a cab with my leather gloves also in the pocket of my jacket
and, uh
Oh, yeah, cabbie definitely never saw that for sure. Yeah gone. Yeah, that's that's the most expensive garment
I think I've ever bought for myself
And I lost it like immediately
Um, yeah, I was really
Not impressed
Uber's not perfect, but um shout out being able to get in touch with the person who was driving the vehicle right away
Yeah, like the fact that it took so because I realized right away obviously
But conveniently
Well, I don't know the dispatch takes time to I'm sorry. They must have taken another fair
No, he didn't find anything but no way to talk to that person. So they could just be like, yeah, no
I didn't see it. Yeah a hundred percent
Ah
Okay, let's throw another one in here. Hey DLL a few weeks ago. I am reading the same question
What it will Taren Tong's role be with video roles
Uh, will he be occasional host or appearance or will he be primarily behind the camera?
Honed in on ceo duties with the occasional cameo if he's behind the camera, then he's definitely doing the wrong thing
I'm kidding. That's just like
That generally means operating it. Um, but he will be behind the scenes
Yeah, I don't think he's particularly comfortable on camera. He graciously agreed to come to the roast, which I just thought was pretty cool having like
uh, people who knew me both personally and professionally and as a as a
A collaborator, you know, like it was nice to have that variety
But it was not something that I think was like his comfort zone necessarily
So super cool that he did that so I wouldn't be surprised if he shows up once in a while
But for the most part his job is going to be making sure that this machine runs smoothly
Been a fan since you were reviewing netbooks at NCIX. What do you think worried you the most during this transition stepping down as ceo?
um
Worries me most
Uh, I don't know. I'm mostly worried that I'll just have a hard time actually stepping back
And like actually letting go of the reins. It's it's a real challenge for me, but I'm gonna do my best with it
Okay, we might have to limit the number of new ceo questions. Sorry. Yeah, I mean these are done throughout the show
Uh
Let's see
Oh boy, what have I done to myself? Uh, I'll pick one. Uh, I just don't know do the stick locks fit on the rg ally
I believe so
I haven't tried
Okay, but I'm like 98 percent sure. Tell you what if it doesn't fit just contact support. We'll get you sorted out
Hey DLL from the future any thoughts on kyle ending bitwit. It's a big loss on the industry any, uh
Plans for short colors. Uh shorts are not moving particularly well. Um, so probably
Not anytime soon, but you know, we'll see
Good reviews, but we're not selling a ton of them. I guess people just like buying tops online more than pants
I can kind of see that actually because
It's easier to especially for guys like tops or just yeah, whatever. I am this size. It'll probably work
Yeah, whereas shorts and pants can be very very challenging. Yeah
um
You got to contain all of this
energy, you know power. Yeah, uh anywho
Yeah, thoughts on thoughts on losing bitwits content. I mean I um
Oh boy, do I talk about that? Sure. I'm just great. I'll talk about this. So back when uh, paul and kyle left, uh, new egg
um
Kyle was the one of them because people had suggested. Oh, we should hire them
Kyle was the one of them that I had actually wanted to hire more
I think both of them have done an excellent job over the years. Uh, both of them have just
I mean I survived as independent content creators is all you really have to say
That's very tough over an extended period of time and it
Almost everyone fails. Um, but I always what I what I liked about kyle was that
I I didn't necessarily need
You know paul's deeper hardware knowledge from my outside observations
Um, but what I really liked about kyle was just his raw chaotic energy
Um, just his the way that he managed to
Inject humor and fun into tech in a way that's pretty unique like host first tech second
Yeah, and whereas paul has always been tech first host second, which isn't to say he's a bad host not at all
And he's hilarious
But it's just a really really different style
Um, and so yeah, I would I would have loved to uh, you know hire kyle or whatever at that time
Because I I did feel like the tech industry
You know would love him and and and and needed him. Um
He's got a really unique voice and and yeah, it's it saddens me
But also as someone who's going through my own sort of transition right now
I get it
Right is if it's not what your passion is then you have to do something else. I just don't think there's another way around it
Yeah, it it feels like the end of an era in a weird way, but at the same time
he's been through a bunch of stuff recently and
I'm happy that he's taking steps in a direction that he feels good about if that makes sense
Um, and it's not like kyle's gone
We just have different kyle. Yeah, which is okay
Did someone is someone asking did I pull sponsorship on austin evans's last video?
What I actually am not sure what you're talking about
Uh
Oh
Well, I mean he has a pink car. So maybe the assumption is that I had something to do with it
But no, uh
All right
Hit me dan. Sure thing
um, let's see
Oh, yeah, I should be finding ones that uh
Aren't about the ceo. How yeah, okay. This one's fine
Linus hope the new job makes you happy. What do you think the most challenging part of your new role will be?
Um
Finding time
Relinquishing the old role. Yeah. Yeah, same answer
I think there will also be a
In a similar way to I think I've mentioned on the show a few times
But I mentioned a lot off the show how there's a lot of struggles going from small company to medium company
I think the process changes of everyone working here
Not dealing with you in the same way is going to be difficult
Yeah, people are gonna have to break a lot of habits like I
I have a pretty open door policy to the extent that I can with my limited time
So people from every level of the organization will come to me and say hey, look
I think this is a really really awful decision that's being made. Uh, you know
Do you agree?
Can you do something? Um, and we're just gonna have to break that habit. Yeah, I'm just gonna have to like no
I actually will not talk to you about this. You need to take this to someone else's job to someone else
And uh, we have to we have to trust
those people and if we can't trust them then we have to
Train them or whatever, right?
And this one here is about LTX, which is exciting going to be at LTX this year flying from Alabama
Heck, yeah wanted to see if cosplay is allowed during the show. I'm pretty avid comic congoer
That's a good question. I think as long as it doesn't violate like our security policies
Like I think we don't allow covered faces or replica weapons weapons is a is an issue
But yeah, you'd have to you'd have to check
Um, I the best thing to do would be to contact support on LTX expo.com
I believe there's also a sub forum on the LT on the line is tech tips.com forum
That's being monitored for any questions to do with LTX
I'm sure if you're able to send them a picture of it or send them a picture of the concept at the very least
They could give you a pretty good answer
But yeah, totally people have absolutely come in in costume before and it's awesome. Yeah
All right, I'm doing too many things at once and it won't leave. Um
Um, you got this Dan. Hey guys, what is the number one thing float plane feature video or product?
You wish Linus had not leaked and what were the repercussions?
Hmm
I don't usually mind it that much
Like there's stuff that's kind of like annoying
Like you mentioned the the subscription upgrade before we were ready and that like created more work
But it wasn't like it's not like the sky was falling like it just created more work. Yeah, I didn't mean to do that
I didn't know like it wasn't
Okay, that's something I don't know. I can't really think of much else though
I think this would be more of an ltt store thing than a float plane
I definitely caused some problems when I wanted to wear the color block hoodie really early
That's what I was from time but because I feel like it's more creative warehouse thing
Yeah, because we we had a really hard time getting the
The dark dyes right up against the light dyes to not run into the light dyes
And so that product took like another year or something to come out after I had leaked it
So support kept getting messages from people asking like when was this hoodie coming?
Um, I'd say that's probably the biggest problem though is
People just wanting the product more badly and I'm kind of sitting here going that's marketing, baby
Um, so I don't know
But you can also exhaust people by announcing something too far ahead of time. Yes, uh, like skull and bones, uh, but like
Like the coal bar
Yeah, exactly. Uh, so I don't know. It's a in general the float plane stuff. It's it's been it's been fine
What defunct company would you revive assuming they would stay afloat once brought back?
Oh
defunct
I assume you mean a tech company of some sort
This is kind of a weird one too because like there have been companies that I would honestly name
But they have been brought back but not
Really with the same commodore and stuff like that. Yeah, like rare
Sure
Yeah, okay. Just like everybody said it's but it's it's not the same anymore though, right? Like this one zombie rare
So like, you know what? I say blizzard
Oh
That's a spy like that. I like that a lot. That's real good because it's not they're not the
I like that because they are not blizzard. Yeah, they are
Activision gross king or whatever. Yeah, whatever it is. ABK. Yeah, it sucks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
I agree
to NCIX
Some good suggestions there someone was mentioning you should rename the company now that terrence here you should rename the company ncx too
lcix
Um, yeah, there's some good suggestions. Let's go. Sierra mono micro pros. Yeah, westwood
pebble
I want pebble back westwood to be sick
Voodoo 3d blizzard north. I like that
There's a lot of like yeah, but a lot of these the the problem is that they were either purchased or or they were brought back
But it wasn't the original team. It wasn't the original spirit. It's just the name
So it just didn't matter. It's irrelevant. Like the the company name is unimportant
so
Man speaking of things being brought back without the original spirit
Um, I I didn't get a chance to watch the willow tv reboot
Because well, I heard it was awful and so I didn't bother. I just watched the movie
Yeah, but apparently it's uh, it's already being pulled off of disney plus and this is to do with apparently avoiding paying residuals
and also, uh
Using the fact that they are no longer making money off of it as a way to optimize their taxes
Gross oh, yeah, like the
The fact that you're creative work however much, you know, certain people might like it or not like it
That's that's sort of a completely separate conversation
How whatever your creative work is the fact that
For tax optimization purposes
It can just be mothballed forever
is
so
Gross, yeah
There's there's shows or movies or something. I don't know which one or maybe both
That have been produced and then upon seeing the finished product. They didn't think it was
Not going to make any money, but they didn't think it was going to make enough money and it was better to write it off
Yeah, I think it was like Batgirl or something like that. Yeah, there were there were two
Oh, no, there wasn't even worse one. So that one was finished shooting but not produced
But there was an animated film that actually got
completely finished
like actually completely finished
and then um
We'll never be released. I want to say scooby-doo. It was a scooby-doo sequel
That movie is
done
And we'll never see the light of day, which is absolutely
mind-blowing to me. Yeah
Yep, that's really rough
Oh, did I say Batgirl? Is it Batwoman? Or Batsomething? Whatever. It's something. Yeah, that one finished. This isn't a topic we prepared
That one finished shooting and then the scooby-doo one actually finished post production because the contract
Had to be completed. So people knew they actually knew that they were working on a movie that would never be released
Yeah, isn't that wild?
Okay, hit me
Can do
Congratulations Linus. Now that you're stepping down from ceo
Do you plan to have more time for non-lmg stuff any big personal projects in mind badminton center?
Did I confirm on wancho already that it's 14 courts?
That was 16 14 14 it was never going to be 16
It was going to be seven or 14. Yeah 14 courts has confirmed super excited. However
That did put me under a bit more financial strain
And the machine vision scoring system is on pause for now
We definitely still want to do some development in the long term
I want to I want it to be just like the techiest wildest freaking cool like badminton gym ever
Sometimes things have to but it's gonna take some time
That's okay, and honestly the more time it takes theoretically the easier it'll get anyways. Yeah, which is cool
Yeah, I'll just pick one at random here already did that one
Are there any vision initiatives or projects that you are looking forward to getting to spend more time on when you release?
your ceo duties
So I guess this is more company related
um
Wait, isn't this basically the same question? No, this one was more work. The other one was personal
You already said labs. Yes integration
Um, do do do do
Hey linus, are there any skill sets you are looking to learn or improve in your new position?
I mean we talked about knowledge sharing
Yeah, yeah, I think I could do a way way better job of just helping to make our creative processes
more um
A little more like dynamic. I think I think that as we've grown and as I've been lighter touched on the individuals in the creative chain
Uh, I've rubbed off on them less and I think that there's sometimes
an unwillingness to
Just do things differently like it used to be I remember when we hired um max. She was very timid
And so I I I kind of had to
I kind of had to hammer into her during her early days like hey if something sucks
You have to tell me and I would even do things like intentionally do a bad take and ask her if it was okay
And when she'd be like, yes, I'm like, no, it wasn't and she's like I know and I'm like, okay
Then why'd you tell me it was good? She's like, I'm sorry. I'm like, well look that that that look that's not the point
the point is
You've got to be able to tell me because if you can't tell me then how are we going to make a better product together?
We've got to be able to work together. That means we need communication
I just I don't do that stuff as much anymore. And so I want to spend more time on that
Okay, now I can get in some of the really interesting ones. Let's see what else we've got here
Come on where to go
Hi, Dan. Yeah, Dan Axie has stopped working
Uh, maybe it maybe it got removed
Uh, can you give an example of a decision that you made in the past couple years that tt would have disagreed with?
How do you resolve that conflict in future corpus structure?
Oh, I think a lot of our product development direction has been kind of
erotic
Thank you for that
Um
I don't think okay. Here's an example. I don't think taren would have disagreed with the lab
I think that we're very aligned on that vision
But he probably would have I don't know set out a budget for it
Just a thing that taren might do um not like completely changed
Even the not set but kind of expected budget within like a three month period. Yeah
Yeah
One building some people know bigger building more people. Yeah
That's how I roll, baby. Um
And but he also I mean he also might though. Well, that's the thing is uh, the money is still coming from
The organization here. So in theory
If he does a good job the organization will make even more money, which means even more irresponsible spending
We're just going to write down how much money we're going to irresponsibly spend before we spend it
Yeah, instead of just finding out
After we've spent it and that doesn't mean that it couldn't change based on learning new things or whatever else
Yeah, but it will still be written down first and to be clear like yvonne always made sure I never
Actually did anything that we couldn't afford to do. It's just that yvonne's a lot more malleable for me
She'll be like, yeah, I really don't know if this makes sense. I'll be like, please
I'll just make more money. It's okay. We'll just spend it
This is a really good idea. I'm pretty sure she'll be like
Okay, let me see that I can do that. That's that's pretty much the dynamic. She's great
Okay, next up Linus with how much you include family on the show
Hosting a podcast with your wife and building servers with your son
Have you ever had to debate how much of your personal life should be on the show? Oh, absolutely. I mean
I uh
Oops
What'd you do I meant to go new line and I sent a reply so somewhat
Sorry, I'm gonna interject for a second
Somebody was like what software that you use on a daily basis that you hate and what changes would you make teams?
And oh well
I was I was new lining to type teams. I had typed slack and I was trying to get a new line
Corporate communication software in my opinion is in an absolute trash state
It's ridiculous that I would honestly rather use discord if it didn't have some like weird limitations on it
um
If there was like discord for business
It'd probably just move everybody to that because like teams and slack are both just so bad
like really
weird
Basic things
And like
There's some things about teams that I like more about slack and there's some things about slack
They're like more than teams. I'm not saying either of them is necessarily better than the other
It kind of depends on what style of team you have yada yada yada, but they're just both like
I just want to send messenger back
Um
Anyway in response to your question. Yeah, it's something that Yvonne and I talk about a lot
It's something that I feel like I kind of intuitively
try to
silo
I think for a long time. I was probably just
posting too much on twitter because a lot of the time these aren't that's it's not even really like
Oh
It's not well articulated
Which doesn't help and a lot of the time it's just like how I'm feeling in the moment
I think that platform really is designed for people to be their their worst most impulsive selves
So now that I almost never post on twitter, I'm definitely doing
I'm definitely doing a better job of keeping my my personal feelings and my personal life
offline while still managing to be a prolific online personality
Yeah
For luke how much emphasis is put on tests and feature flags when rolling out features
I've noticed that as companies get bigger features take longer to develop as testing becomes a requirement
Yeah, we do that stuff. Um, are we the best at it? No
um
We've had like pushes in our history to be like, oh, we need to add tests for like all the things and then
It like often doesn't really help. I don't know
There's a lot of people that will fight very viciously on both sides people that say
Tests are a hard requirement other people that say tests are a waste of time
Um, I think if you're not doing it properly, it's just a waste of time. Um,
We have often not necessarily done it properly. There is a time in our history where I think we did a really good job
I don't necessarily think we're doing that now, but what we are doing now is
better
Like qa of the stuff that we're
doing
So we have an internal
An internal platform that uh developers can use for testing and sometimes we'll like it's been pretty cool
Having other teams in our slack. So like the labs web dev team and even some of the labs local
Developers are in slack with us. Uh, so the labs team or the float plane team vice versa
We'll be like, hey other people that don't work on this but are also developers
Try to pick this apart. See what happens and it's it's useful and then sometimes we'll scale beyond that and we'll have
We'll we'll throw it at another team in the company that is not necessarily technical
But it's useful to have them try to pick it apart. Uh, and then we have another layer
Which is the beta site which you don't have to use anymore by the way users
Because the main site has been updated with all of the beta site features
So you can just use the main site now and I would actually recommend doing that
But we're gonna
Very likely continue to use the beta site to test stuff
So we have a bunch of layers of increasing the amount of users and the type of users that that try stuff firsthand
Um, and that's kind of our preferred route at this point
Yeah, I think there are other honestly
Significantly bigger reasons why large companies move slower with product releases than writing tests
Uh, I would personally say but I could be wrong there because I don't have experience at those companies
Hello guys
I'm in high school and my best friend's parents have video cameras to monitor what he does on his computer
Do you think that this is too far? Hope you guys have a nice show
Okay, sorry. Did you say high school high school?
That's getting pretty old for
Net nanny
um, I monitor my kids my
eldest is
Not in high school though. Um, I think that at a certain point kids start to need their privacy and that sort of supervision becomes oppressive
However, just because you're in high school or even just because you're legally an adult doesn't necessarily mean that
Your parents don't still know what's better for you sometimes and I don't know everything about their unique situation
I mean, maybe this individual is
You know, seriously at risk of some kind of uh, self-harm for example
Um, you know without getting into too much detail. I knew someone when I was in high school who spent time on like
pro anorexia forums and stuff like that and
you know, I think that
It would have been in their parents and this person's best interest even though they were
Well advanced into their high school years
To monitor that and prevent that if they in any way could do that
um, that's a community that someone with body image issues doesn't need to be participating in
That is objectively true and
um
I wasn't listening to most of this
You just said it's objectively true and they're talking about body image issues. So I'm hoping this is going okay
Luke I have braced for impact Luke in your experience. Has it ever gone okay?
Yeah, yeah, okay. It definitely has it goes okay the vast majority of the time. Um, but yeah, I don't know there's
One thing that I would consider is uh, your your kids are probably not like, you know stupid
So if they really want to get around it, you're telling them that you're watching them with a camera
So they'll find another way the make-out corner in the basement specifically doesn't have a camera pointed at it
We just assume it's going to be a make-out corner at some point, you know that that's bought under the stairs
Ah, that will almost certainly be a make-out corner because you'll be able to hear anyone coming down the stairs and quickly
You know assemble yourselves. Yeah
Kids will be kids. Yeah, so like you have to understand that to a certain degree
It's it's tough because I've I've thought about the situation of like
Growing up in my house was harder for that type of stuff than most of my friends because my dad was always been technical
Yeah, and that's got to be rough for for your kids as well like good luck
So like I don't know but
What I really want is to not have to supervise them. So that's the foundation. We're trying to build now is like, hey
If you do something you shouldn't the best course of action the the
The best time to tell me about it was then the second best time is now the worst time is not yet
um, you know, they all of my kids know that
If you do something wrong, you're in a bit of trouble
Um, but we love you and we'll figure it out
If you lie about it, you're in a lot of trouble
And trust is hard to rebuild
Um, and so that's that's really the way that we try to message everything in the hope is that
We can build a strong enough foundation where they just kind of go. Okay. Yeah, it's actually a much better path
To just talk about these things rather than waiting to be found out and we've found out enough things through just
being watchful
That hopefully we've created
enough of a pattern for them to recognize that
It's not actually worth it
and it's better to just
Talk about it
hopefully, I mean who knows right like
People are people are
Imperfect people are messy people life is messy, right? I don't I don't know where my kids are gonna end up
I obviously hope for the best and sometimes you have to figure out things on your own
So like but this comes into the like you're talking about like, okay, we monitor now
But he's not in high school yet. Blah blah blah blah. Yeah, there's certain things about
Yourself about how you are positioned in life about the world that you're gonna want to
Dive into discover do research on whatever on your own
So that it feels more organic and so you can come to answers
On your own so that'll happen eventually but like
There's yeah, there's also people that go down terrible paths like you were mentioning so like I don't know it's tough
Yeah, and it's you can't prevent it these days. Nope. Like I mean, we've got people in the chat
Talking about like like porn blocking. It's like good luck. Oh, yeah, that like doesn't matter. Yeah
Utterly irrelevant. You're far better off just meeting that head on you'd have to block the internet like it's literally everywhere. Yeah, man
I was uh, I thought I think I'd mentioned this on wanchill a little while ago
But I was on twitter looking at just like some utterly unrelated hashtag and it's like, whoa, that was hardcore pornography. Yeah, like
Just just like that and you can kind of go. Okay. Well, don't have the twitter app. Yeah, but it's like it's on the web
it's you can just access it through a browser and
That's just that's just like mainstream. I couldn't possibly hope to block every site that just has pornography on it
Like you said, I would just have to block the internet
YouTube I'll just be Iran. I'll just make my own internet
You wouldn't be able to have any of the platforms that you do business on accessible from your house
Yeah, there's some pretty wild literally any of the music videos on youtube and stuff. I was like
Is this for real right now? Yeah
They're actually licking alcohol off breasts
Like
I believe that's been a trope in music for a while, but I think it's getting like more uh
Less covered up. Yeah, it feels yeah
Oh such a parent way of saying that
The girls in the music video sure
Put some clothes on for god's sakes. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, sorry
Uh
Hi DLL hypothetically if the new ceo wants to stop the wan show for whatever reason, how would you resolve that conflict?
Stop the wan show
um, well, I think we would sit down and look at the numbers and um
You know, here's that here's that dashboard. I'm not supposed to leak and there's a number for you
I think if the new ceo wants to take down the wan show, he's got another thing coming
Also, yes, I've done 630 merge messages today. Nice. He just doesn't care. He doesn't care
We can set up these like certain like, uh, don't don't
Reference this thing. Don't talk about this thing. Don't show this thing. It doesn't matter at a certain point
I almost wonder like would we be better off just like not even telling him not to do certain things
Because like I feel like it's it's almost like oh, that's a fun button to press and it's like darn it
Well, no because he knows it upsets you that's what I'm saying. That's my whole point. So stop getting upset
You're just giving a positive reinforcement. He's like a cat. You know, I want to be upset
No, it's not time to play right now. Oh, you're gonna scratch up the curtains. Is that gonna get you to play with me?
It's your fault Luke. You're the bad parent. Yep
I mean, yeah, probably I don't ever get it. Come on. Leave me alone. Okay next next one next one next one
All right, same sort of vein
You've been doing the wan show for quite a while. Do you see that wan show out living you too as hosts?
You know for a long time we tried to have other people host the wan show and it's okay
but
I think the wan show has changed from then and has become less of what it used to be like it used to be called
Weekly analysis and news that was the joke is it was the wan show because it was
Weekly analysis and news. No, it's weekly analysis and nukes on a wide
It's what you get for showing the dashboard and I thought it was really funny
Because the name of our show was essentially just internet show
Because it's a wide area network show. Yes. Um, so it's become less of weekly analysis and news
We've actually formally gotten rid of that name and it now is just internet show. Yeah
It's internet show with linus and luke. I think that if we really had to
Um, one of us could continue it without the other
But I I honestly I feel like it'd be weird. I feel like even if
I stepped back significantly like in terms of time
I would probably still want to do wan show
Because it's just it's basically us just like shooting the which we would do anyway
and it's immensely
profitable these days like wan show made no sense for a long time
It was a complete waste of time
But we did it because the community seemed to like it and it's always been fun for us
And nowadays with merge messages, uh, wan show is like awesome. It's a it's a huge shot in the arm for
For ltt store
It's a great way to promote other initiatives that we have going on whether it's like whale land party or ltx expo or
labs or whatever. Yeah, it's it's
It's kind of awesome, right? So if someone were to come to me and say, yeah, we need to get rid of wan show
I'd be like justify yourself, right? Like the burden of proof is on you now because wan show has been working pretty well for a long time
I don't think taren would be stupid enough to do that
Fortunately, so we'll never have to have that conversation, but it would it would it would raise serious questions for me about the
The the competence of of an executive that came to me and said look, I think we need to get rid of wan show
I mean, yeah, I caused some pr uproar or whatever else, but you know what they say no publicity is bad publicity, right?
It feels less true these days. No wait
Unless you get actually cancelled
Yeah, I I don't and I think
I think it would be pretty hard to actually cancel me because you'd have to find something actually cancelable that I've done and I
There's there's there's not a house of cards reference by the way, though it would have been very funny
Oh, okay, I guess that took me so it's been a long time since that show. Um, what was I gonna say?
There are creators that have been what I would call like half cancelled
Yeah, we're like they're still around, but they're like a figment of what they used to be
A figment thing say come up with a break immediately afterwards. Yeah
What does that mean?
Figment. Yeah, I think it's just like an imagined uh like a portion or something like uh, I think you're looking for like fraction
Oh, I definitely was. Yeah, I'm just now wondering
A figment is something formed from imaginary elements
There you go. Yeah, so that doesn't really work
Yeah
Hey, people talking about like how
Detrimental the backpack warranty controversy was it wasn't I don't think it was it like that's that's the thing that
um
Like it's that the objective numbers were that there was a lot of highly visible outrage
But in the grand scheme of things the impact was actually nothing
um
So like I just
I don't know. I it's not that I'm trying to be dismissive people's feelings about it were valid
And I did not do a good job of communicating it. There were definitely
Errors but from like a business impact standpoint if someone were to come to me and say oh good heavens
What if a trust me bro happens again? I'd be like, yeah, and
Yeah, then we'll we'll address it and we'll
Fix it and everything will be fine. Just like we always do. Yeah, like that's our whole that's the whole trust me bro guarantee
We'll figure it out. We always do we deal with some pretty mega fires here
Yeah, that was nothing unless the actual sky is falling like we'll be fine
Yeah, like I'm I'm far more concerned about what has appeared to be a significant algorithmic shift at youtube in the last couple of weeks
We're we're seeing less sort of benefit from top performing videos for the rest of the catalog
Um compared to what I'm used to like if I look at the last 60 minutes right now
Of it one
Oh man. Wow
This is amazing
The top
Four and five number four and number five most viewed in the last 60 minutes here. Oh, no, this is 48 hours
Uh, okay, let's look at 60 minutes. Yeah top one and three is this wan show and last week's wan show
How is it even possible that last week's wan show is in the top three most viewed in the last 60 minutes
How is it even possible that in the top?
15 number 14 is a previous wan show from like a month ago or something like that
What is going on with vaude discoverability right now, um, so I've been I've I've raised this to youtube
But basically videos are coming out
Not even performing badly necessarily. We've had a couple bombs in the last little while one of which really shouldn't have been a bomb
That server video
Redoing the server room or whatever it was by every possible metric that I can access click through retention
Like dislike ratio really strong engagement. It was all hyper strong. The video simply didn't get served and
As far as I and oh, this is another really interesting one the I'm stepping down video had basically
zero
knock on effect for the rest of the channel
Which is not usually how that works when someone watches a video
It's supposed to start recommending similar content, especially from that channel
That's a video that got four million views or something stupid like that in a day
and it's had
No impact whatsoever on back catalog viewership. That's definitely broken
Is it unique to us? Is it something that's changed overall? I don't know
but you know, you have to flag these things and kind of go hey, this doesn't make any sense and
That's not to say that I'm just gonna, you know, whine about low viewership
Obviously, we're just gonna do our best to make the best content we can every day and
We're not gonna we're not gonna we're not gonna go down without a fight
but when there's
Anything that looks like this
or
Like this always makes me suspicious
I also report it to youtube when I feel like something unnaturally positive happened
Hey, for some reason
We are
Swimming hard with the current right now like this was a kind of a crap video
And it had almost no impact on the overall viewership of the channel like it just
is going
hard right now
or
It just it just makes no sense
And these algorithmic shifts they happen they happen all the time right like you'll go from
Uploading a sponsored showcase that gets a million and a half views to uploading an absolute
Banger of a unique creative video that gets 1.1 right like it's all over the place and
Yeah, we'll figure it out
Mr. Food drama says my recommended videos past few weeks have been of zero interest to me
You know, I don't know and that's the thing is that's an individual person
Even google's engineers though don't fully understand how their recommendation machine learning engines work
That's kind of the nature of it. They feed it what they want the desired outcome to be and it shifts it morphs
so
Oh, okay nighttime astronaut says youtube is definitely moving against older videos zephrank animal facts posted about it this week too
That doesn't definitely mean anything. It could be niche specific. It could be creator specific
um
What I do know is that live
is
Handled differently algorithmically and so the fact that all of a sudden live streams
are just
dramatically
Disproportionately represented in recent
In recent views like this recent the last 60 minutes should be predominantly videos. We just published because they won't have
Dropped off as much yet
The fact that of these 15
one two
Three four of them our live streams
is
wild. Yeah
When's the last time we did a live stream other than wancho?
Why is it that some stupid live stream building a computer from four weeks ago is getting more videos right now in this
Or more views right now in this moment than a video we published like four days ago
That should be literally impossible
Especially if that video from four days ago has much better engagement much better retention much better everything you should be feeding them something good
But just because they they are completely different
search and discovery teams
They behave really differently and I can't I can't explain it
Okay, here we go another one. Hey dll. I appreciate how much work the team does to create great content all year round
Has ltt labs always been one of the end goals or vision for ltt or when did that really come to be?
Man the five-year plan was like me and some bros making tech videos and hopefully we can all get paid a living wage
We talked about that a lot
I had no idea
I all I'm totally qualified to be a chief vision officer obviously
Yeah, I mean it's a vision for six months out. That's good enough for us
Hi all Linus. What's the best memory you've made with your tycan thus far?
Uh, how about the one where I was actually able to drive it?
Um, it's been in the shop for like three weeks the first two of which they couldn't even be arsed to give me a courtesy car
I got into it one morning and it just said like battery error or something
I don't know I took a picture of it and basically
Send it to the dealership and they're like
Yep needs to be towed
Okay, um, and then I heard back, you know relatively quickly I guess to their credit
Um, that no I would not be getting a courtesy car because they would rather give me nothing than give me something that isn't a Porsche
So have them on hand. Yeah, um
Okay, sure. I imagine being that far up your own butthole
that you would rather say
F*** you to a customer then
Anyway, um, and then uh, I heard back that they apparently do not have a it's a bad cell
Uh, and they do not have a single replacement cell on the entire f***ing continent
So they need to bring one in from Germany and the ETA that I was given after the diagnosis was three weeks, which I think were
I don't know two weeks into or something like that. I all these don't take these numbers as you know, gospel truth or anything like that
But yeah, I've been driving the volt again. So
Uh, cool
Um, good job. Good job. Porsche great experience. Uh, you definitely shouldn't have replacement parts on hand to fix your cars
That would be stupid
You know, it's really crazy about like my old car
It just always works
Yeah, it's always fine. I mean, it's a Honda. Yeah. So like, yeah, what do you want a cookie?
Yeah, I want I want my you chose a cookie. So you are a smart shopper. Yes. All right
How would pass the Linus back when you all worked out of one room react to what ltt has become today?
What would he think about screwdriver backpack labs and
All of that. Oh, I'd be mind blown. I'd just be in like geek heaven. Yeah, I'd be like, whoa
I want to work here. What I'm doing right now sucks
I have to be in the same room as Luke
I think I'd be really surprised and also not surprised at what I'm doing
I'd be like, wait, really?
How did I end up there?
I stayed here for that long. Why did I take it? Uh, that's actually not too surprising to me
once we like
I bounced around jobs a lot when I was growing up, but I think that's pretty normal
Like you do a different job basically every summer
Um, I had tons of random odd jobs and stuff like that. But once we started on this road
I was like, yeah
That's what I want to do something in this realm is what I want to do
And I've known that for like a long time
I think we had conversations like a really long time ago
Well, I was worried it would be a retention problem to you. Yeah, because like what were you going to do?
Just be like a script assistant forever. Like that wasn't that was weird. Yeah, didn't make any sense
What the hell are you thinking? I don't know
I still don't have an answer for this, but like I saw something. I don't know
I was pretty confident the whole time. I'm glad you didn't imagine it because it could have easily gone the other way
It's like Yvonne her bet on marrying me not a good gamble
I wouldn't I wouldn't tell my kids to make the same bet
Like your parents were right. You were insane
The fact that it worked out is not a testament to your incredible
You know divination skills. Yeah, you were an idiot and got lucky. Well, see I don't 100 degree
I don't know. I feel like that sometimes I feel like that's sometimes to be fair
But I don't think it's that simple is what I think I'm saying
Because the team that we had were all insane and when you have a group of insane people
That are all at an age where they are able to put in infinite energy
They sleep for like two hours and then get up and keep going and all this kind of stuff
You can make some pretty crazy things happen and like that like
First ces era level of effort
If I look at a group of people that has that level of effort and that like it's never questioned willingness to input it
And they're on a path of a new type of platform or or thing that people are using that is like
Clearly trending to be the norm of how people use stuff. I bet on that again. Yeah, but clearly trending is like
YouTube was going to be a thing. Oh, yeah
Yes guaranteed at that point
Okay, guaranteed is such a big word in tech online video was going to be a thing
But we could have easily made the wrong bets. What if we had bet big on periscope?
Yeah
Right, we could have it could have you see you see stunted our growth at the very least
Yes, but I don't think it would have killed us you see like a lot of the big vine creators
Everyone just ends up on youtube a lot of a lot of the big vine creators
A lot of the big periscope creators don't know how many of those there were
A lot of the big whatever's were able to transition over to another now a lot of twitch creators have made it over to youtube
I think youtube is still where people see the endgame the endgame. Yeah, sometimes there is a hit for sure
But you see like the paul brothers
Like they came over to youtube from vine. I think and then just exploded. Thanks for that vine. Yeah
Like it's it's not the it's not the end of it
So I don't know when I see that level of like passion level of investment
Level of like complete disregard for basically everything except for like push forward as hard as you can
In an industry that is like clearly growing and extremely quickly. Yeah, I'd make that bet again
So like no, I don't know exactly what I saw but I saw the team and that was kind of enough
How do y'all
With the new move to the cvo position
How have you prepared yourself to have an answer to a supervisor after being the ceo for so long?
What happens when there are disagreements?
That's gonna be really hard. Yeah, I haven't had a boss and like as long as my children have been alive
um
I mean
In general, I think my management style is pretty
Let's try to reach a consensus
I'm probably right because I have more experience in this than you do
um
But it's not my job to just say I'm right and then go forward because then
We've basically
We've basically splintered at that point and to come back together
We will have to we will have to undo this this damage that's been done
And if we continue to splinter and we continue to
Go further and further on our separate paths in terms of our understanding of what's best for the company
Then it eventually becomes irreconcilable, right? So
um
What I like to believe is that I try to reach a consensus and if we can't I
Try to evaluate, you know, what the risk is of doing it the other way
Um, if it's not super high allow failure allow failure. Yep. Um
I I try to or if not just the risk or I try to also evaluate how
How staunchly each party believes in their particular path forward if if I can if I'm getting the vibe that they're kind of
60% on it and I am 99% sure then I might say, okay
You really don't seem to have that much conviction
I think we should probably just do it this way or if they are adamant and I am
Honestly, not that sure then even if it is moderate risk, maybe we do try to do it that way. It's kind of how I've always tried to do things
I'm not always perfect at it
But I'd like to think that I'm well prepared to continue to
Manage like that and be managed like that
Hey Linus, we're all putting a lot of hope and trust in the ceo
Since he was your boss, can you share something that he taught young Linus?
That left a lasting impact
Oh man
um
Man he was really good at sort of um
You know pushing me to get stuff done
Uh, don't don't agonize over, you know every line on a p.o
Um, the big picture is you know making sure that everything's everything's getting done on time. Um
You know, it's it's a it's a huge part of our of our corporate philosophy these days is
Ship something right like get something out there and you can always iterate. Um, but don't just stand still
I wasn't always
I wasn't always the best when it came to honesty and integrity. I've always been like a hustler a boundary pusher
Um, and I'd say that you know one chat in particular that taren had with me early on about
Um, some company gear that I requisitioned that probably shouldn't have
um
really
Set me straight on that. Um, you know he he
He found he found out I was like using something that I shouldn't have been using. Um, because there wasn't really any
Financial justification for for the company. I was just I wanted to play with it. Um, and he was like
Hey, no one else knows about this
He didn't wrap me out. He just kind of sat me down and talked to me about it. And I really appreciated that
Um, no, it wasn't a swing line stapler, but good joke. I got that reference
Okay, so that's all I've got for curated so shall we start going through some of these potentials?
Sure
Okay, I think I'm gonna go straight from the bottom
Hey all for career growth. Do you recommend linear growth or diagonal growth between areas?
I am finishing university this year and work in tech stability
Of income and maximizing income seem to be at odds
I don't think there's any one right answer. You kind of have to do something that you want to do
I mean this comes back to what I was saying earlier
Maybe my philosophy is that you should make a place that's, you know, great to work
Um, and that that has a value
Because that has a value to me. I I would pass a certain point. Obviously you need enough money to
survive
But past a certain point I would rather go do something that is not soul sucking even if it means less money
um
and
Unfortunately, I found a way to
Turn my passion into something into into more money
But you'll never do that if you don't pursue something you're legitimately passionate about
um
But anyone can end up in a dead-end job anyone can make a mistake
Whether they go vertical whether they go diagonal, right? Like I had a family member who was you know
It's a classic story, right middle-aged man
Uh been doing the same thing forever and that industry
declined and they just became utterly unemployable
And whether their experience was
broad or narrow, um
That's a thing man. That's
Yeah, there's no such there's no such thing as a stable job. I mean just look at the rise of ai, right?
Jobs we thought were safe for another 50 years are all of a sudden
At risk in the next five years
There's a there's a fun thing going around uh where people are talking about like
we
We always knew ai was going to take our jobs, but we were hoping it would take the like
Rough jobs that no one wants to do modern ai is sitting here
making art and music
And all these like creative endeavors that are more fun for people and it's like gross
um
Yeah, another thing I would mention about what you were just talking about is to not get complacent
I think making just enough money to be fine
um
So deciding to not really worry about skill development or anything else because you're like okay right now or whatever
Uh is potentially attractive because it takes less energy and whatnot
um
But is a really really bad idea if you look at
the modern
You know
How much people make over time versus how much costs are going up over time that is not a fun
Scenario to be in so you got to try to keep pushing
Try to learn new skills try to diversify your your portfolio of skills so that if ai automates your job
Or if if your industry becomes irrelevant for different reasons or whatever else
You can kind of go with the flow a little bit easier
Um
and
Also try to seek
Excellence or specializations in some of those fields so that you can have career advancement
Um to keep pushing keep pushing further because life's hard
yeah
Linus with you being a lifeguard in your past
Did you know or how do you feel about the minimum age for lifeguarding possibly being lower?
Sounds like a cost-cutting measure to me
Did you know that in bc we used to have a what was called a training wage?
Which was a lower minimum wage for
Uh workers who were just entering the workforce. I think it was your first. I forget how many hours it was
Um, but it was it was a lot. It was not a significant number of hours
But um our minimum wage was eight dollars. I think at the time and the training wage was six dollars
Or like six dollars and change
um, and this was like
Not that long ago. I'm not talking six dollars an hour in 1975. I'm talking six dollars an hour in like 2004
Yeah, I had multiple of these. Yeah, so
Um, what I assume is that this is just a way to bring in
Younger less experienced people so they don't have to pay them as much
And I will also say that I don't think that most people are physically developed enough
Under at 16 is the age here. So under 16 you're you're telling me that some 15 or 14 year old is going to pulse
Like somewhat some dead weight passed out person out of a pool. Are you kidding me?
I mean luke and I have talked extensively off stream about things like standards for firefighters and um like because
Is it is it known what cold sc is up to these days? Or is it like?
I I don't think there's any issue with talking about it. Yeah, my my brother
Has been trying to become a firefighter for a long time. It's a very difficult thing to get into
Um some amount of that is like need to know the right people which is unfortunate
But that's true for a lot of industries
Um, but he he got in yeah, but some firefighter and he's killing it
but some part of it is also just like, um
The fact that standards have been have been adjusted to make it easier for certain people to get into firefighting
Which inherently makes it more difficult for other people to get into firefighting and
You know without uh without putting myself, you know at risk of being cancelled here
If someone if I'm like passed out in a burning building from smoke inhalation
I want the hugest most like jacked dude to be whose job it is to come in and get me
um
No question and if you're gonna relax these standards for carry strength and stuff like that
You better have a really good reason the yeah, I don't I don't care whatsoever about
Yeah, I I don't I don't think the requirements of
What you can do
um
Should should change, but I don't care who the heck it is. Yeah 100% don't care
But you better be able to like get me out of there and not just me like that's the thing is when it comes to safety
Dude as like person. Yeah, but some people are going to interpret that as
Sure, so he doesn't care what gender the person. I don't care about anything other than whether it's me or like luke
I'm a big I'm a big boy
You got to be able to you got to be able to move the hoses
Have you ever actually tried to like carry a firefighting hose? It's really hard like for for real
Um, and those are but those are standard like I don't decide how much they weigh. They just weigh how much they weigh
I don't decide
How how how hard it is to uh, you know perform cpr on someone if you don't have the physical stamina to do it
Then you ought not be a lifeguard
Sorry
Um, they like I don't know. I talked about this a fair bit at some point
I don't know if it was on wanshow, but the moment the wake-up call for me when I realized that no not everybody
Can do anything they want not everybody can do any job
Uh was when I wanted to be on the rowing team and they wanted me to be a coxswain and I wanted to row
And one of my friends uh bless his heart. Um, thank you for your brutal honesty was like
Are you f***ing kidding me? I'm like six two and I'm barely tall enough to be a rower and I'm like, oh
right
No, you actually can't just do anything you want and sometimes there are actual requirements of a job or of uh of a role
That are not flexible
And to me no being able to carry someone out of a building is just sort of a requirement
If you want to be a firefighter shout out firefighters by the way, and I'm just reiterating
He was using dude in a general neutral. I call everyone dude. I literally call my wife men
She denies it or she denied it until I proved it
I was like, yeah, I call you men all the time because we were having an unrelated conversation
And I was like, yeah, I just call everyone men now because it's just easier
And she's like you do not and I'm like, yeah, I do. She's like, no, you don't I'm like, I do it to you
She's like, no, you don't and then uh, she was like you totally don't I'm like, yeah, I do like security camera catchers
And then and then I basically said, okay, tell you what, um
I'll point it out next time I do it because I don't even think about it
But I'll try to think about it. I'll point it out next time I do it. It was like two hours later or something
Uh, we were on the way home. I was like, yeah, I don't know man. It's just like a weird thing
And I waited two three four five steam boats. Hey there. I just did it. She's like what I was like, I called you men
She's like, oh, yeah, you did didn't notice at all. I'm like, yeah, of course not who cares
Yeah
I just I know someone's gonna try to run with it. So I was just trying to re-clarify
Okay, I got a couple more here to go
Hey, DLL with every tv manufacturer or google tv putting more and more ads in their software. Are there any good self-hosted htpc
Interfaces actually can I back up for a second? Uh-oh
But yes, the solution is people are talking about like lifeguards and stuff still in the chat
The solution if you can't find enough people to meet the standards is to pay more
Yeah, that's the actual solution. Anyway, oh my god. That's a great take
Or or make it a kick-ass job
Lifeguard snacks. Yeah
Lifeguard snacks. So terrifying
Oh, I hate it. Okay. Don't talk about that anymore. Hey DLL with every tv manufacturer google tv putting more and more ads in their software
The building's about to alarm itself. Uh, are there any good self-hosted? Can I do this at the same time?
Htpc youtube netflix mb plex etc rip windows media center
Uh
Man, I don't know. I mean you you talked about plex already, but I don't think plex like integrates your
Netflix account or anything. I'm not really sure quite what you're asking
Did you disable it? I think so
I will go and it's it's it's doing it. No, it's doing it. Mine's doing it. Okay
You're in the building. It's still beeping. Yeah, I'm right building. I think
I think so
I mean, what do I know? I'm not even a ceo anymore. Am I supposed to know how to arm the building? There we go. It's good
I don't know I use plex. It's all right
Nice
And last one I've got today
Hi LLD over the years of wan shows. I have heard nods to many leadership models e.g. Simon Sinek
Infinite game what leadership minds have inspired you what philosophies have you invented not gonna lie
I have no idea what the f*** i'm talking about. I'm so happy you feel the same way
I read this and I was like, oh boy
Hey, I assumed that you would I've read some books that wendell recommended me and none of them have mentioned that
But they've been great books. Thank you very much. Wendell. I am excited to go to computex and hang out with wendell
So he can tell me more things. I read some of the innovators dilemma
most of which
I had pretty much kind of figured out there were some sort of oh, yeah, okay like moments in it
I read good to great. I think or like some of good to great which
Really only seemed applicable to public companies and like
maximizing shareholder value a lot of times when I read those kind of books. They're either like
yeah
Obviously, yeah, or it's like like you're saying maximizing returns for shareholders are like some type of thing where it's like
This isn't how we were. There's more to greatness than just selling your company maximizing your share price. So that yeah
a lot of the ones in the tech space are all built around like
Preparing your company to try to sell it to someone else, which is like, yeah, it's not the goal. Yeah, so for me. It's just like
What gets us best to sustainability?
um, yeah
so if you if I have any if if anything I've talked about bears any accidental resemblance to um
Simon Sinek then I guess that shout out
Shout out Simon for being apparently awesome. Um, and I guess shout out me for figuring it out too. I don't know
I'm not sure. Um, cool though
What if the new CEO will stop you from being who you are? I was typing your response
Uh, I don't know and when it comes to business. He like made me a lot of who I am
So I'm not too worried about that. He still owns the company. Yeah that too
and
I own the end of this show. I'll see you again next week same bad time same bad channel
Bye
The CEO will never stop me. Oh
Okay
Okay, we need to do something about that
Uh, okay, that's a problem
Oh, no
You can watch it really slowly
You